the washington post is washington , d.c. 's largest newspaper and its oldest , founded in 1877 .
the orbital elements given here are as of january 2000 , but they are continuously changing due to solar and planetary perturbations .
la mina won camping essentials and the right to choose which member of casaya would be exiled at the reward challenge .
historically , bhopal was capital of the bhopal state .
in 1969 merckx crashed in a derny race in blois towards the end of the season .
mcclane dispatches all but one of gabriel 's men , but gabriel still holds lucy and farrell hostage .
whilst there was not much change to the existing weather symbols new symbols giving information pollen and sun levels were introduced .
there was also a proposal , although this was not included in the bill , for a subsequent extension from victoria to fulham broadway station on the district line .
hamilton was the county town of lanarkshire .
labalme is a commune in the ain department in eastern france .
saturday is considered either the sixth or seventh day of the week .
although milankovic stated that the russian orthodox church adopted the revised julian calendar in 1923 , the present church continues to use the julian calendar for both its fixed festivals and for easter .
according to the united states census bureau , the town has a total area of 70.9 square miles , of which , 70.8 square miles of it is land and 0.1 square miles of it is water .
the uniform for a male vice lord-lieutenant and for deputy lieutenants is of a similar style , but with features to distinguish it from that of a lord-lieutenant .
appeal to reason is rise against 's highest charting album , debuting at number three on the billboard 200 chart and selling 64,700 copies in its first week of release .
the underside is almost completely white , making the animal indistinguishable from brighter waters near the surface .
the closest locality is victoria , on the north side .
critical reception for the wild has been negative .
thus , higher hormone concentration alone can not trigger the negative feedback mechanism . negative feedback must be triggered by overproduction of an `` effect '' of the hormone .
the standard gauge is a widely-used rail gauge .
bauska is a town in bauska county , in the zemgale region of southern latvia .
aubin-saint-vaast is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in northern france .
aside from music , lifeson is part owner of the toronto restaurant the orbit room , and is a licensed aircraft pilot .
latvia and poland attended the summer olympic games for the first time .
the queue is constantly receiving new requests and fulfilling and removing existing requests , and re-ordering the queue according to the current pending read/write requests and the changing position of the head .
raul vicente amarilla is a former paraguayan football striker .
supporters of sogyal rinpoche state that lamas of the nyingma school are not required to take vows of celibacy , and indeed sogyal rinpoche does not claim to be a celibate monk .
while photographing the city of the settlers , ricardo showed the inhumanity and cruelty of colonialism .
in earlier times , they frequently lived on the outskirts of communities , generally in squalor .
informally , the law was first formulated by germain hess via hess 's law , and later by julius robert von mayer the first explicit statement of the first law of thermodynamics was given by rudolf clausius in 1850 : `` there is a state function e , called ` energy ' , whose differential equals the work exchanged with the surroundings during an adiabatic process . ''
21 , and by his first performance , on 17 march 1830 , at the national theater , of his piano concerto no. 1 in e minor , op .
miller 's return to ibrox means he is one of only a few players to cross the old firm divide twice .
his rada classmates included actors susannah york , albert finney and peter o'toole , but epstein dropped out after the third term .
`` sugar , we 're goin down '' is a song by fall out boy . the song is released as the first single from their third album from under the cork tree .
under the charities act 1993 , the tate is an exempt charity accountable directly to government rather than the charities commission for financial returns etc. .
the discovery images were taken on may 15 , 2005 and may 18 , 2005 ; the moons were independently discovered by max j. mutchler on june 15 , 2005 and andrew j. steffl on august 15 , 2005 .
linear perspective works by representing the light that passes from a scene through an imaginary rectangle , to the viewer 's eye .
bald in the english name is derived from the word piebald , and refers to the white head and tail feathers and their contrast with the darker body .
houthulst is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
the prefect of police of marseilles , jouhannaud , was subsequently removed from office .
when suitable prey arrives near a dragon 's ambush site , it will suddenly charge at the animal and go for the underside or the throat .
physical custody involves the day-to-day care of a child and establishes where a child will live .
mickey mouse clubhouse is a children 's television series , that premiered in prime time on disney channel on may 5 , 2006 .
the game employed diagonal linesat the table 's corners to regions where counts were restricted , thus `` cutting off four triangular spaces in the four corners , away 28 inches of the ` nursing ' surface of the end rails and 56 inches on the long rails . ''
at backlash , the original main event match was between chris benoit and shawn michaels for the world heavyweight championship .
in `` social capital and development : the coming agenda '' , francis fukuyama points out that there is n't an agreed definition of social capital , so he explains it as `` shared norms or values that promote social cooperation , instantiated in actual social relationships '' , and uses this definition throughout this paper . he argues that social capital is a necessary precondition for successful development , but a strong rule of law and basic political institutions are necessary to build social capital .
with her childhood idol being kelly chen , she incorporates `` kelly '' into her nickname .
kim is the first female skater to surpass the 200-point mark and also the first female skater to receive +2.20 grade of execution for jumps under the isu judging system .
there are an estimated five to six million baha ' is around the world in more than 200 countries and territories .
the second work was a collaboration with an older and already renowned artist , masolino da panicale , and for many years it was assumed masaccio was simply an apprentice to masolino .
in canada , some provincial-level government departments are called `` ministries '' but most , along with their federal analogs , are termed `` departments . ''
film editing took ten weeks , while post-production , music mixing , and visual effects took several months .
in april 2007 , matt lee started his own label , muffin music , and released a promotional mix for it .
rob bowman and alex proyas were also rumored , though proyas personally turned it down .
however , plm is not a perfect institution , and the university had been criticized in the past for the ` reconsideration ' cases , wherein some students who failed to meet the university 's standards for retention were readmitted because of the so-called ` backers ' .
amplier is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in northern france .
oases also provide habitat for animals and even humans if the area is big enough .
a video projector takes a video signal and projects the corresponding image on a projection screen using a lens system .
in 1877 `` vacheron & constantin , fabricants , geneve '' became the official name of the company .
his campaigns of reconquest culminated in the battle of kadesh , where he led egyptian armies against those of the hittite king muwatalli ii and was caught in history 's first recorded military ambush , but thanks to the arrival of the ne'arin , ramesses was able to rally his troops and turn the tide of battle against the hittites .
it was adopted in 1950 following the recommendations of a committee appointed by the 1st prime minister of ceylon , the rt hon d.s. senanayake .
lucario sacrificed himself in order to save the tree of beginning , though the credits showed him with sir aaron eating a chocolate bar .
in 1835 , s.d. poisson further described it under the name `` la loi des grands nombres '' .
he asks the boys if they understand , and they say they do .
furthermore , s. tchadensis does indicate that the last common ancestor of humans and chimpanzees is unlikely to resemble chimpanzees very much , as had been previously supposed by some paleontologists .
at the 2006 census , glenrowan had a population of 952 .
the philadelphia phillies are the defending national league champions , winning the nl pennant in 2008 and 2009 ; and are the the most recent national league world series champions , having won the 2008 world series . the los angeles dodgers lead the league with 21 national league titles .
colloquy supports scripting in languages such as apple script , f-script , javascript , objective-c , python , and ruby . colloquy shows changes such as mode changes , ban sets , etc. .
a syncarpous gynoecium can sometimes appear very much like a monocarpous gynoecium .
tackey & tsubasa are a japanese idol duo from johnny & associates .
the bluetooth specifications are developed and licensed by the bluetooth special interest group .
he is also known for his roles in films including the santa clause , toy story , and galaxy quest .
later that year , ledger inaugurated a new record label , masses music , with singer ben harper and also directed a music video for harper 's song `` morning yearning '' .
vince screwed michaels , claiming he submitted to the move , and declared shane the winner via submission .
over the years several of charles ' senior descendants have made names for themselves , including augustus fitzroy , 3rd duke of grafton who became prime minister of great britain , cricket pioneer charles lennox , 1st duke of richmond , parliamentary reformer charles lennox , 3rd duke of richmond .
miramas is a commune in the departement of bouches-du-rh one in the provence-alpes-c ote d'azur region of france .
because anghiera 's literary work was translated into english and french in a short period of time , the name `` hispaniola '' is the most frequently used term in english-speaking countries regarding the island in scientific and cartographic works .
the british rail class 502 was a type of electric multiple unit originally built by the london midland and scottish railway at their derby works .
matthias sindelar was an austrian footballer .
both are versions of unlicensed wireless technology .
an example of this is the orion nebula .
a cameo role or cameo appearance is a brief appearance of a known person in a work of the performing arts , such as plays , films , video games and television .
anchovy paste is also available .
these isotopic fingerprints are preserved in the sediments , and mojzis has used this technique to suggest that life existed on the planet already by 3.85 billion years ago .
as frankenstein dies , the monster appears in his room .
cugny is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
in late 1950 , rickey 's contract as the dodgers ' team president expired .
roman catholicism specifically holds that one may build and use `` likenesses '' , as long as the object is not worshipped .
in 1953 , robinson had 109 runs , a .329 batting average , and 17 steals , leading the dodgers to another national league pennant .
mikhail tal was a soviet-latvian chess player , a grandmaster , and the eighth world chess champion .
clive charles was a football player , coach and television announcer .
mit developed kerberos to protect network services provided by project athena .
after anton szandor lavey 's death , his position as head of the church of satan passed on to blanche barton .
two other vezina winning goaltenders have also won the hart memorial trophy : roy worters and al rollins .
nienburg is a town and capital of the district nienburg , in lower saxony , germany .
in 1872 the great eastern railway opened a new branch to hackney downs to serve this branch a new junction was built to the west of cambridge heath road .
the meters defined funk in new orleans , starting with their top ten r&b hits `` sophisticated cissy '' and `` cissy strut '' in 1969 .
the wanderers loaned holmes to the seattle metropolitans of the pcha , but he eventually found his way back to the nhl when seattle loaned him to toronto .
the geocentric model , consistent with planetary parallax , was assumed to be an explanation for the unobservability of the parallel phenomenon , stellar parallax .
walking trees : teaching teachers in new york city schools is the story of ralph fletcher 's introduction to the new york city school system as a teacher trainer in a writing staff development program .
between 1403 and 1422 some of these lands were already annexed by forces from uri , but subsequently lost .
for example , no. 2 fuel oil , no. 2 distillate and no. 2 diesel fuel oil are almost the same thing .
two years later , metric released their second studio album , live it out , on october 4 , 2005 .
areas of the state far away from the gulf are not immune to the effects of the storms , which often dump tremendous amounts of rain as they move inland and weaken .
it won the primetime emmy award for outstanding animated program in 1990 .
universal music group owns a music publisher , universal music publishing group , which became the world 's largest following the acquisition of bmg music publishing in may 2007 .
the mongolic languages are a group of languages spoken in central asia , notably including mongolian .
this would probably explain the origin of bunyan 's last name since `` bonyenne '' is a colloquial french-canadian expression of surprise and astonishment meaning `` good grief '' or `` my goodness '' .
villamanin is a municipality located in the province of leon , castile and leon , spain .
112 is a grammy award winning american r&b quartet from atlanta , georgia .
deliverance was released on november 4 , 2002 , and debuted at number 19 on the us top independent albums chart , marking the band 's first us chart appearance .
west was born in winston-salem , north carolina ; there , he became an eagle scout with bronze palms , and attended atkins high school , graduating as valedictorian in 1959 .
rigel has been a known visual binary since at least 1831 , when it was first measured by f. g. w. struve . though rigel b is not particularly faint at magnitude 6.7 , its closeness to rigel a - which is over 500 times brighter - makes it a challenging target for telescopes smaller than 150 m. at rigel 's estimated distance , rigel b is separated from its primary by over 2200 au ; not surprisingly , there has been no sign of orbital movement , though they share the same proper motion .
271 - 301 : a period of dynastic struggles .
this is often due to deficiency of vitamin b and/or folic acid .
savonarola was born in ferrara , the capital of an independent duchy in emilia-romagna , northern italy .
in 1993 , dushku landed a role as pearl alongside robert de niro and leonardo dicaprio in this boy 's life , a role that she said opened a lot of doors .
this is a list of the 11 shortest-reigning popes .
overall , the climate is warm and humid , and heavily influenced by warm sea currents .
general weygand and general von gruennel are not mentioned in the document .
pomps is a commune in the pyrenees - atlantiques department in south-western france .
however , it would be inappropriate to add the page to .
however , positive steps have been taken by the malaysian and indonesian governments to prevent its extinction in the wild .
the federal subject status gives the oblasts some degree of autonomy and gives them representation in the federation council .
kirby 's adventure , known in japan as , is a platforming video game developed by hal laboratory and published by nintendo for the nintendo entertainment system video game console .
the city is the county seat of sumter county .
motorola started in chicago , illinois as galvin manufacturing corporation in 1928 with its first product being a battery eliminator . the name motorola was adopted in 1930 , and the word has been used as a trademark since the 1930s .
you can use your user page to help you to use wikipedia more effectively : to list `` to do '' information , works in progress , reminders , useful links , and so forth .
the london borough of hillingdon is the westernmost borough in greater london , england .
subsequently , it moved over southeastern new york state .
he and jacques piccard were aboard the bathyscaphe trieste when it made a record-breaking descent into the mariana trench in 23 january 1960 , the deepest point in the world 's oceans .
he made several discoveries and inventions including a system of latitude and longitude .
in cameron parish , louisiana the office of emergency preparedness ordered a mandatory evacuation , where sheriff 's deputies also erected roadblocks .
in 1685 , james ii of england sent wissing to the netherlands to paint portraits of his dutch son-in-law and daughter , the future william iii of england and the future mary ii of england .
its purpose , in a building or an automobile , is to provide comfort during either hot or cold weather .
the waist is the part of the abdomen between the rib cage and hips .
the british rail class 930 was reserved for former southern region electrical multiple units and diesel-electric multiple units converted for departmental use .
cocktails became less popular in the late 1960s and 1970s , as other recreational drugs became common . in the 1980s cocktails again became popular , with vodka often substituted for gin in drinks such as the martini .
indeed , a non-zero level of inter-group co-operation is predicted , even if the group members are entirely unrelated , as long as there is competition between groups .
in 1986 , sundquist , who by that point had a wife and a child , decided to leave the band and spend time with his family .
studios realized that dvdp movies can be shot on a smaller budget , thus allowing studios larger profits with the combined revenues of home video sales and rentals , in addition to licensing movies for television and for distribution abroad .
he also appeared in the 1945 negro league all-star game .
depending on the level of classification there are different rules controlling the level of clearance needed to view such information , and how it must be stored , transmitted , and destroyed .
eddie cantor was an american illustrated song `` model , '' comedian , dancer , singer , actor , and songwriter .
unlike the original kindle , kindle 2 does not have a slot for sd memory cards .
no great events of national importance have happened here , and few famous people have made hartley their home .
an inaugural brawl took place at the wwf invasion pay-per-view , where stone cold steve austin defected and joined the alliance .
joinville is the host city in july to the widely acclaimed `` joinville dance festival '' , the annual `` festival of flowers '' in november which showcases orchids produced in the region , and several business events in its convention center .
saint-ouen-du-mesnil-oger is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
polity is closely related to ecclesiology , the study of doctrine and theology relating to church organization .
saint-manvieu-norrey is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
her thesis focused on rural political behavior and representation .
in 1842 , a monument was erected to remember the sailors and fishermen lost at sea to the `` october gale '' of 1841 .
these characteristics were operationally recognized for three hours before high shear began to tear the system apart , just short of the six hours required to be officially declared a tropical depression .
the 1944 appalachians tornado outbreak was a deadly tornado outbreak that hit the midwest and middle atlantic regions of the united states on june 22-23 , 1944 .
a hurricane moved from north of puerto rico on september 29 to well northeast of bermuda on october 1 .
the riemann hypothesis , a conjecture about the distribution of the zeros of the riemann zeta function , is considered by many mathematicians to be the most important unsolved problem in pure mathematics .
the latter is also known as shangrila lake and is inside a tourist resort called shangrila resort .
evelyn , having by now made a true friend in ninny , offers ninny a room in her home for the rest of her days ; ninny accepts .
today , volksschule is the austrian equivalent to the german word grundschule and the swiss german word primarschule , i.e. primary school .
he is one of eight drivers to win three or more world championships , the others being jack brabham , jackie stewart , niki lauda , ayrton senna , alain prost , juan manuel fangio , and michael schumacher .
in 1509 cranach went to the netherlands , and painted the emperor maximilian and the boy who afterwards became emperor charles v. until 1508 cranach signed his works with his initials .
nevertheless , the contact with the vienna circle stimulated wittgenstein intellectually and revived his interest in philosophy .
hamas was created in 1987 by sheikh ahmed yassin , abdel aziz al-rantissi and mohammad taha of the palestinian wing of egypt 's muslim brotherhood at the beginning of the first intifada , an uprising against israeli rule in the palestinian territories .
this deal established sip/simple as a standard for protocol interoperability and established a connectivity fee for accessing public instant messaging clouds .
upon louis 's return to france , he was involved in napoleon 's plot to overthrow the directory .
those rains caused a flood on the san jeronimo river , which left at least 5000 homeless .
all testing was conducted inside a virtualized environment created by vmware .
if a stem successfully produces mature flowers , leaf production slows or stops on any stem which flowers , the stem becomes woody , and essential oil production declines .
the card has near identical uses to the ez-link card and may be used at merchants displaying the `` nets flashpay '' logo .
for example , organisms living inside hot rocks deep under earth 's surface are both thermophilic and barophilic .
triple h insisted that evolution accompanied batista anyway , saving him from the oncoming limousine .
ipswich railway station is a railway station serving the town of ipswich in suffolk , england .
another name for this color is mallow .
accidents of particularly common types are investigated to identify how to avoid them in the future .
it measures 5.10 km in diameter .
on july 1 , 2009 , hossa signed a 12-year deal with the chicago blackhawks worth $ 62.8 million .
the film was followed by four sequels : magnum force in 1973 , the enforcer in 1976 , sudden impact in 1983 , and the dead pool in 1988 .
the government of andalucia , in spain , donated 40 million lempiras to aid in disaster efforts , and the united states employed helicopters from a nearby military base to assist honduran ones in the distribution of food aid .
written in 1825 by tsuruya nanboku iv as a kabuki play , the original title was tokaido yotsuya kaidan . it is now generally shortened , and loosely translates as ghost story of yotsuya .
this category is for tracking ice hockey players by league .
however , powdered saffron is more prone to adulteration , with turmeric , paprika , and other powders used as diluting fillers .
nests are built each year in most species but some birds refurbish their old nests .
when gabrielle first meets the warrior princess , xena , she is a farm girl living in the village of potidaea .
le dernier jour d'un condamne would have a profound influence on later writers such as albert camus , charles dickens , and fyodor dostoevsky .
offences against property and for murder ranged from cutting of a foot and hand for theft and beheading for murder .
the hockenheimring baden-w urttemberg is an automobile racing track situated near the town of hockenheim in baden-w urttemberg , germany , located on bertha benz memorial route .
the salzach is a river in austria and germany .
the taluka of hyderabad city is administratively subdivided into 11 union councils .
freiberg is a city in the free state of saxony , germany , administrative center of the mittelsachsen district .
anna 's hummingbird is 9 t long .
rasca is a commune located in suceava county , romania .
he clipped his namesake corner the second time , and when asked why by jeremy clarkson , replied , `` i dunno - i just do n't like it '' .
gimps original creators , spencer kimball and peter mattis , began developing gimp in 1995 as a semester-long project at the university of california , berkeley . the first public release of gimp was made in january 1996 .
in this design , the software simply has a loop .
notable storms of 1970 include hurricane celia , which killed 20 and caused $ 453.8 million in damages as it passed over cuba and into corpus christi , texas ; and tropical storm dorothy , which killed 51 , most in martinique .
wikipedia is not wikinews and has no need to scoop anyone .
one of the key decisions robson made during his brief tenure at barcelona was the $ 19.5 million signing of ronaldo , who was influential in a season when barcelona won the spanish cup , spanish super cup and european cup winners ' cup .
the cotswolds is a range of hills in west-central england , sometimes called the `` heart of england '' , an area 25 m across and 90 m long . the area has been designated as the cotswold area of outstanding natural beauty .
thal is one of the ten districts of the canton of solothurn in switzerland , situated in the center of the canton .
knocked up is a 2007 american comedy film , co-produced , written and directed by judd apatow . starring seth rogen , katherine heigl , paul rudd , and leslie mann , the film follows the repercussions of a drunken one-night stand between rogen 's slacker character and heigl 's just-promoted media personality that results in an unintended pregnancy .
since the heat pump uses a certain amount of work to move the heat , the amount of energy deposited on the cold side is less than that taken from the hot side .
according to the 2005 u.s. census estimates , the city had a population of 321 .
mardan division was an administrative division of the north-west frontier province of pakistan , until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government .
the initial founders of the party were among others : alexander andrae , oskar lutz , hans bernd von grunberg , wilhelm meinberg , otto hess , hans schikora , heinrich kunstmann , adolf von thadden .
other parties .
the song was written by wendy page , jim marr , d. rambo and j. richmond , and produced by page and marr for billie 's debut album honey to the b .
in 1802 the canton school was established ; it was the first non-parochial high school in switzerland .
damages in the caymans amounted to $ 15 million , and damages in cuba totaled to $ 300 million , and $ 100,000 in damage to jamaica , for a total of $ 315 million , with 1 fatality .
nicolas anelka is a french footballer who currently plays as a striker for chelsea in the english premier league . anelka is also a regular starter for the french national team .
ulrich `` uli '' stielike is a former german football player and manager .
carthage at the time was in such a poor state that its navy was unable to transport his army to iberia ; instead , hamilcar had to march it towards the pillars of hercules and transport it across the strait of gibraltar .
honda , who already owned a 45 % stake in the bar team , completed their takeover of the team and changed its name to honda racing f1 team at the start of the season .
summer warmth is insufficient to thaw more than a few surface feet , so permafrost prevails under large areas .
her most notable characters on the simpsons include agnes skinner , brandine spuckler , and lindsey naegle , while her performance as mom is her most notable futurama role .
philip john `` phil '' neville is an english footballer who captains everton and played for england .
baralle is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
napoleon was proclaimed emperor two years after hugo 's birth , and the bourbon monarchy was restored before his eighteenth birthday .
chevennes is a commune in the aisne department in picardy in northern france .
long ton is the name for the unit called the `` ton '' in the avoirdupois or imperial system of measurements , as used in the united kingdom and several other commonwealth countries .
rohr is a municipality in the district of gosgen in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
the aircraft had been eliminated from regular service in the continental united states in 2006 , when delta air lines withdrew the type .
tank or tonk , is the capital city of tank district , north-west frontier province , pakistan .
longfellow was very quiet , reserved , and private ; in later years , he was known for being unsocial and avoided leaving home .
he infiltrates the prison , and rescues jak .
in september 2009 lindi performed on a cross-canada tour as opening act for keane 's north american tour .
the earliest predecessors of the game , chaturanga , originated in india in the 6th century ad , and spread from china to japan , where it spawned a number of variants .
silk is widely produced today . india is the second largest producer of silk after china .
before the 1700s , san juan creek and its tributary , trabuco creek , were probably unnamed , although it is likely that the creeks had indigenous names that were later lost .
during the winter months , this is supplemented for both areas by an hour long program , broadcast monday-friday , between 1805 - 1900 .
wanquetin is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
saint-vincent-de-durfort is a commune in the ardeche department in south-eastern france .
grant s. fuhr , is a former goaltender in the national hockey league and currently the goaltending coach for the phoenix coyotes .
about 90-95 % of hypertension is essential hypertension .
saint-barth elemy - grozon is a commune in the ardeche department in south-eastern france .
he concludes by saying , `` rise against may be nervous about leaving the underground behind , but with sharp songs like these , they 're ready for the rest of the world . ''
the gambia national football team , nicknamed the scorpions , is the national team of gambia and is controlled by the gambia football association . until 1965 , the team , and the country , were known as british gambia .
most importantly it directly led to the creation of the united states of america .
the population was 6,975 at the 2000 census .
the uffizi gallery , is one of the oldest and most famous art museums of the western world .
on march 17 , 2009 , apple announced version 3.0 of the iphone os for the iphone , released on june 17 , 2009 . the iphone 3gs was announced on june 8 , 2009 , and has improved performance , a camera with higher resolution and video capability , and voice control .
the original subject of ukiyo-e was city life , in particular activities and scenes from the entertainment district .
he was recently credited as being the producer in a remixed version of the mitchell brothers song `` michael jackson '' .
p.o.d. 's third studio album , 1999 's the fundamental elements of southtown , spawned the hits `` southtown '' and total request live favorite `` rock the party '' , which became their first video to reach # 1 on mtv 's trl .
the current mayor of waveland is democrat tommy longo .
in 2002 , it had a population of 688,435 and the population density was 80.5 / km .
others are simply kidnapped .
dynamic pressure is closely related to the kinetic energy of a fluid particle , since both quantities are proportional to the particle 's mass and square of the velocity .
in 1999 , 88 years after his final major league appearance and 44 years after his death , editors at the sporting news ranked cy young 14th on their list of `` baseball 's 100 greatest players '' .
its mean distance from the sun is 3.067 .
the 1988 formula one season was the 39th season of fia formula one motor racing .
he next became the head photographer at the lourenco marques daily newspaper , a tribuna , from 1960 until 1964 .
the shafi'i and hanbali schools , however , argue that the appointment is not necessary and the prayer is valid as long as it is performed in a congregation .
he was found guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity and executed on october 16 , 1946 .
while it is lincoln 's short speech that has gone down in history as one of the finest examples of english public oratory , it was everett 's two-hour oration that was slated to be the `` gettysburg address '' that day .
he is interred in the woodlawn cemetery in the bronx , new york .
cogners is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays de la loire region in north-western france .
young jackfruit has a mild flavor and distinctive texture . the cuisines of india , nepal , bangladesh , sri lanka , indonesia , cambodia , and vietnam use cooked young jackfruit .
borat is not saddened by the tragedy ; he thanks the man who brings him this `` good news '' by giving him a high five and celebrates his newfound freedom by pursuing pamela anderson and eventually reunites with and marries luenell , an american prostitute he met while filming his documentary .
the wars of scottish independence were a series of military campaigns fought between the independent kingdom of scotland and the kingdom of england in the late thirteenth and early fourteenth centuries .
insects are not currently protected by california law .
satoshi miyauchi is a former japanese football player .
their heights are half of the psds and only prevent people from falling onto the rails .
she was a student of professor g.a. krasinski .
boris abramovich gelfand is a soviet and israeli chess international grandmaster , winner of the 2009 world chess cup .
an `` amorphous solid '' is a solid in which there is no long-range order of the positions of the atoms . .
he was survived by his wife , edith , and his daughter , sandra .
she asks her younger brother jamie to accompany her . he 's quiet , but most importantly , he has cash that he 's accumulated by betting on and cheating at card games with his best friend , bruce lansing .
a two-dimensional spiral may be described most easily using polar coordinates , where the radius r is a continuous monotonic function of angle th .
early symptoms include headache , a thick-feeling tongue , thirst , sweating , and vomiting .
the binary system uses only the digits `` 0 '' and `` 1 '' , while the octal system uses the digits from `` 0 '' through `` 7 '' .
it faces a natural harbor protected by the palisadoes , a long sand spit which connects port royal and the norman manley international airport to the rest of the island .
hiram king williams , better known as hank williams , was an american singer and songwriter and musician who has become an icon of country music and one of the most influential songwriters of the 20th century .
the water moves up and then down slowly in a convection-like manner throughout a column of sand , and the sand remains a generally solid mass. .
hendrix was notorious among friends and bandmates for sometimes becoming angry and violent when he drank too much alcohol .
england , as the host nation , qualified automatically for the tournament .
finnix is a debian based live cd operating system , developed by ryan finnie and intended for system administrators for tasks such as filesystem recovery , network monitoring and os installation .
typically the divisions mark a scale to a precision of two significant figures , and the user estimates the third figure .
the gcv family will be built around one or more common chassis .
other sports with significant support are swimming , athletics , golf , boxing , tennis and netball .
lodging is a type of residential accommodation .
she is a good player at the net .
jhal magsi district is in the center of balochistan province of pakistan .
one can not apply for higher degrees , and the requirements for each degree are not open to the public .
as a civilian , ross worked for victorian railways until he retired in 1964 .
in most countries , the rav4 is the only compact suv from toyota .
bernt kennet andersson is a swedish former football player and a key member of the swedish national team that finished third in the 1994 world cup .
barisal is a district in southern bangladesh .
later , the sumerians used wild-growing saffron in their remedies and magical potions .
compton 's by britannica , first published in 2007 , incorporating the former compton 's encyclopedia , is aimed at 10-17 year olds and consists of 26 volumes and 11,000 pages .
most other arthropods have more than three pairs of legs .
a leaf blower is a gardening tool that propels air out of a nozzle to move yard debris such as leaves .
during the mid 1990s , hill was michael schumacher 's main rival for the formula one drivers ' championship .
caumont-sur-durance is a commune in the vaucluse department in the provence-alpes-c ote d'azur region in southeastern france .
it resulted in the united states ' entry into world war ii .
in 1958 , mauritania was formed as an autonomous republic in the french community , and in 1960 it became an independent country , with nouakchott as its capital .
shadow of the colossus , released in japan as , is a japanese-developed action-adventure video game developed and published by sony computer entertainment for the playstation 2 .
in 2005 , fox released for dvd and universal media disc , although this first premiered on television .
for rush , lifeson plays electric and acoustic guitars as well as other stringed instruments such as mandola , mandolin , and bouzouki .
the governor of shanxi is the highest ranking official in the people 's government of shanxi . however , in the province 's dual party-government governing system , the governor has less power than the shanxi communist party of china provincial committee secretary , colloquially termed the `` shanxi cpc party chief '' .
abu mansur muhammad ibn ahmad daqiqi balkhi , sometimes referred to as daqiqi , was an early persian poet from tus in iran or in balkh , currently one of the cities of afghanistan .
the nordiques played in the world hockey association and the national hockey league .
when deciduous tree woods are subjected to destructive distillation the products are methanol and charcoal .
he had hoped to gain experience by managing in the puerto rican winter league , but according to the new york post , commissioner happy chandler denied the request .
wild male yaks stand about tall at the shoulder and average ; the females weigh about one third of this .
the rogers women where all buried on june 13 , 1989 after a funeral service at the zion lutheral church in their hometown .
the majority of then-existing oblasts were located on the periphery of the country or covered the areas where cossacks lived .
west returned to private practice in 1981 with the firm of patterson belknap webb & tyler and later worked as senior vice president for government relations of the northrop corporation until he became a member of the clinton administration .
lisa della casa is a swiss soprano who was famous for her interpretation of works by mozart and richard strauss as well as for her great beauty .
in 1955 , mailer , together with ed fancher and dan wolf , first published the village voice , which began as an arts and politics oriented weekly newspaper distributed in greenwich village .
used by .
giovanni and leporello arrive and hear a woman speaking of having been recently spurned and calling for revenge .
in 1999 , duke nukem 3d was banned in brazil , along with quake , doom and several other violent first-person shooters after a violent rampage in and around a movie theater was allegedly inspired by the first level in the game .
the `` decision '' for apoptosis can come from the cell itself , from the surrounding tissue , or from a cell that is part of the immune system .
at the 2006 census , ballan had a population of 1808 .
langkawi is a duty-free island .
the first fossilized specimen of the species , though not recognized as such at the time , was a single arm bone found in pliocene strata in the kanapoi region of east lake turkana by a harvard university research team in 1965 .
the 1928 summer olympics , officially known as the games of the ix olympiad , was an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1928 in amsterdam , the netherlands .
tapia is often credited as the first musician to play jazz on the ukulele .
use this template for non-complex formulas as an alternative to using the `` math '' tag format '' / math -rrb- .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the haiti national football team is the national team of haiti and is controlled by the federation haitienne de football .
simple accounting is mentioned in the christian bible in the book of matthew , in the parable of the talents .
they were accompanied by the berlin philharmonic conducted by claudio abbado .
the presence of the monuments at such a height indicates that the area has been inhabited for over 2000 years .
komodo dragons have long been great zoo attractions , where their size and reputation make them popular exhibits .
after his death , the canadiens retired his jersey number , the first time the team had done so for any player .
with a mass of 1.0243 kg , neptune is an intermediate body between earth and the larger gas giants : its mass is seventeen times that of the earth but just 1/19th that of jupiter .
the assistant secretary is third in the order of succession for the office of secretary of housing and urban development .
cameron 's wife noble also starred in the film series , playing hattie durham .
patroclus orbits in jupiter 's trailing lagrangian point , in an orbit called the ` trojan node ' after one of the sides in the legendary trojan war .
she also won a halloween costume contest on october 30 and defeated jillian hall in a $ 1,000 match on november 12 .
he considered returning to medicine , perhaps moving with his wife , maeve to africa .
bruno brun was a yugoslavian clarinetist and professor at the academy of music in belgrade .
at the war to settle the score , which aired on february 18 , 1985 , leilani kai , accompanied by moolah , defeated richter , again accompanied by lauper , to win the women 's championship .
the precursors send jak and daxter to the dark maker ship to slow it down while the planetary defense system charges .
this form of the apostles ' creed can be found incorporated into the eucharistic and baptismal liturgies in the hymnal and in the united methodist book of worship , and hence it is growing in popularity and use .
kim dae-eui is a south korean football player who plays for suwon samsung bluewings as a winger and attacker .
the street fighter ii games were followed by several sub-series of street fighter games and spinoffs which includes street fighter alpha , street fighter ex , street fighter iii , super puzzle fighter ii turbo and capcom s vs. series .
sr 540 also runs along the entrance to cypress gardens .
van der sloot was seen smoking marijuana and stating that he was with holloway when she began convulsively shaking , then became unresponsive .
fort yukon is the hometown of alaska congressman don young . it is served by fort yukon airport .
jacobabad has the reputation of being one of the hottest places in the world from april until september .
rabbits , being prey animals , tend to be exploratory in new spaces and when confronted with a threat , they tend to freeze and observe .
although evangelista torricellithe invention of the barometerhistory of the barometerevangelista torricelli , the invention of the barometer is universally credited with inventing the barometer in 1643 , two other noteworthy efforts must be cited .
in the reward challenge , the heavy scaffolding proved stress for the survivors , but the worn out team of caryn , gregg , janu , and tom won a palauan feast .
the districts are listed below in alphabetical order by division .
on two occasions , the god of war ares , impressed by gabrielle 's new warrior skills , tries to recruit her to his side , but gabrielle always resists .
beginning at the 1928 summer olympics in amsterdam , women were allowed to compete in artistic gymnastics events as well .
hercules saves her from being sacrificed , while unknowingly being watched by a mysterious robed figure .
the replaced phrase is called the antecedent of the pronoun .
in such an avatara , vishnu does not directly descend as do rama or krishna but instead enters the soul of a man with his form .
mt. washington , on the other side of the river , has almost identical native flora and climate .
nanga parbat is the ninth highest mountain on earth .
both the continental and oceanic crust `` float '' on the mantle .
after the loss of the post at tayoan , the dutch east india company made several attempts to recapture it , and even formed an alliance with the qing empire to battle koxinga 's fleet .
alan mathison turing , obe , frs , was an english mathematician , logician , cryptanalyst , and computer scientist .
actress lucy lawless has been quoted in several interviews saying she would be interested in participating in a xena film as well .
after many years of planning , ravenscraig will be ` regenerated ' and rebuilt by three equal shareholders : wilson bowden developments ltd , scottish enterprise and corus . the project will be one of the largest regenerations in europe , with 400 a being developed .
hershel wayne gober is a former government official and vietnam war veteran .
the blue nile flows about 1400 k to khartoum , where the blue nile and white nile join to form the `` nile proper '' .
kokomo is a city in and the county seat of howard county , indiana , united states , indiana 's 13th largest city . it is the principal city of the kokomo , indiana metropolitan statistical area , which includes all of howard and tipton counties .
insurance is defined as the equitable transfer of the risk of a loss , from one entity to another , in exchange for a premium , and can be thought of as a guaranteed and known small loss to prevent a large , possibly devastating loss .
in greek mythology , leto is a daughter of the titans coeus and phoebe : .
linuxlive usb creator is a free software for windows that allows users to create bootable live usb systems for many linux distributions .
the only other mario kart game to feature the coin collecting of the original is mario kart : super circuit .
this exposure led the fox network to make her the co-star of the television sitcom , ned & stacey .
milan nakonecny is czech psychologist and historian .
she loved inuyasha 's father and was saddened that the young inuyasha was shunned for his half-demon status .
the most basic and traditional division within topology is point-set topology , which establishes the foundational aspects of topology and investigates concepts inherent to topological spaces ; algebraic topology , which generally tries to measure degrees of connectivity using algebraic constructs such as homotopy groups and homology ; and geometric topology , which primarily studies manifolds and their embeddings in other manifolds .
the river originates from lulusar lake , nearly 48km from naran valley .
those who post here in this fashion will also be subject to administrative sanction .
a few churches make no use of a liturgical calendar .
larissa lies on the river pineios .
harnett county is a county located in the state of north carolina , usa .
construction of the wind farm , which is budgeteted for # 600 million , is scheduled to start in early 2009 and expected to finish in 2011 .
interstate 74 is an interstate highway in the midwestern and southeastern united states .
chlamydia conjunctivitis or trachoma was once the most important cause of blindness worldwide , but its role diminished from 15 % of blindness cases by trachoma in 1995 to 3.6 % in 2002 .
the lugworm or sandworm is a large marine worm of the phylum annelida .
charente is a department in southwestern france named after the charente river .
only the most difficult convicts were sent to the tasman peninsula prison known as port arthur .
nancy campbell cartwright is an american film and television actress , comedian and voice artist .
if is a member of , we write .
on july 9 on raw , kane was scheduled to face mike awesome and lance storm in a handicap match .
he drives for red bull racing .
he currently plays for k-league side pohang steelers .
freire 's sooty barbthroat is intermediate between the sooty and bronze-tailed barbthroats however , and thus its status needs to be clarified before the situation is resolved .
aftershocks were felt through december .
tamarind is a tree in the family fabaceae .
the 1956 summer olympics , officially known as the games of the xvi olympiad , were an international multi-sport event which was held in melbourne , australia , in 1956 , with the exception of the equestrian events , which could not be held in australia due to quarantine regulations .
san ignacio de sabaneta , the main town is a beautiful and clean city , one of the nicest places of the dominican republic .
banbury 's member of parliament is tony baldry .
during their first season every home game was sold out , a new mls record for average match attendance was set , and they sold the most season tickets in the league .
the story , written by tom junod , appeared in the september 2003 issue of esquire magazine , and was later made into a film .
in algebraic notation the white pawns start on a2 , b2 , c2 ... , h2 , while the black pawns start on a7 , b7 , c7 ... , h7 .
there is no evidence that this verse was a part of peter dodds mccormick 's original work and its origin is uncertain .
la bastide-des-jourdans is a commune in the vaucluse department in the provence-alpes-c ote d'azur region in southeastern france .
this is a nucleus with one proton and one neutron , i.e. a deuterium nucleus .
sir joseph john `` j. j. '' thomson , om , frs was a british physicist and nobel laureate , credited for the discovery of the electron and of isotopes , and the invention of the mass spectrometer .
the name `` common clam worm '' is less ambiguous , but is also sometimes used for other neries species such as n. virens and n. limbata .
the 14th century saw further growth .
american psychological association states that sexual orientation `` describes the pattern of sexual attraction , behavior and identity e.g. homosexual , bisexual and heterosexual . ''
hurricane ivan became extratropical the next day .
geelong is home to the geelong football club australian football league team , the second oldest afl club and one of the oldest in the world .
thelxinoe belongs to the ananke group , retrograde irregular moons which orbit jupiter between 19.3 and 22.7 gm , at inclinations of roughly 150 .
roof tiles are designed mainly to keep out rain , and are traditionally made from locally available materials such as clay or slate .
the first storyline follows the group of people who have been stuck in 1977 and detonated a hydrogen bomb on the island in an attempt to change the timeline : the survivors ' leader dr. jack shephard , former fugitive kate austen , millionaire hugo `` hurley '' reyes , former torturer sayid jarrah , con artist james `` sawyer '' ford , medium miles straume , and former mob-enforcer jin kwon .
more information on the qualification format at uefa.com
however , he can not capture a piece that is on a safe or a home box .
in humans , signs and symptoms of riboflavin deficiency include cracked and red lips , inflammation of the lining of mouth and tongue , mouth ulcers , cracks at the corners of the mouth , and a sore throat .
a hypothesis requires more work by the researcher in order to either confirm or disprove it .
at this time , coombing park was supplying iron ore to the lithgow steelworks .
trdat the architect was the chief architect of the bagratuni kings of armenia , whose 10th century monuments have been argued to be the forerunners of gothic architecture which came to europe several centuries later .
bioluminescent organisms are a target for many areas of research .
african elephants are the species of elephants in the genus loxodonta , one of the two existing genera in elephantidae .
between october 23 , 1973 and october 16 , 1974 , he played 95 consecutive games without a loss , shattering his previous record .
hanau is a town in the main-kinzig-kreis , in hesse , germany .
pavarotti became even better known throughout the world in 1990 when his rendition of giacomo puccini 's aria , `` nessun dorma '' from turandot was taken as the theme song of bbc 's tv coverage of the 1990 fifa world cup in italy .
an easily visualized metaphor is a group of separate soap bubbles , in which observers living on one soap bubble can not interact with those on other soap bubbles , even in principle .
it is used for the purpose of making subtle adjustments to levels in experienced wikipedians .
it is scheduled to take place on april 3 , 2011 at the georgia dome in atlanta , georgia .
switzerland , although not a member of the european union , adheres to the same principle , stating that `` neither a political unit needs to be recognized to become a state , nor does a state have the obligation to recognize another one .
in western universities , a bachelor of divinity is usually an undergraduate academic degree awarded for a course taken in the study of divinity or related disciplines , such as theology or , rarely , religious studies .
john albert elway , jr. is a retired american football quarterback .
danny , who calls himself ` danny phantom ' in ghost form , develops the ability to fly , become invisible , and turn his body intangible .
in the cult series , he played the mysterious angel , a vampire cursed with a soul as punishment for his past sins .
for his show on march 24 , 2009 he released the soundtrack/studio album called for the love of ray j. he dated cocktail for several months before they split , partly due to rumors of ray j dating tila tequila .
essentially , if the skull of a heteromyid is viewed from the side , the viewer can see directly through it .
gosford is a city located on the central coast of new south wales , australia , approximately 80 km north of the sydney central business district .
his covent garden debut followed in 1997 where he sang the role of count potoski in the world premiere of donizetti 's elisabetta .
calumet city is a city in cook county , illinois , united states .
90 active medical brigades were sent to the region to reduce the risk of infections amongst the affected population .
some have caused subsidence in living history .
currently , certifications are available in 19 modules , covering different sectors of financial and capital markets .
nehoiu is a town in buzau county , romania , with a population of 11,631 .
naoki soma is a former japanese football defender .
an angel or star is often placed at the top of the tree , representing the host of angels or the star of bethlehem from the nativity .
it 's going to be extended towards sant boi , through hospital sant joan de deu .
it is a national holiday in pakistan .
the community was first settled in 1800 after it was determined by sir john graves simcoe , governor of what was then known as upper canada , that the area would make a good townsite .
fibulae replaced straight pins that were used to fasten clothing in the neolithic period and bronze age .
this was made possible by the evolution of locking knees and a different location of the foramen magnum .
aschenbach follows the family to a cafe , where the mother notices him and moves herself in between aschenbach and her son . the family moves onward to st mark 's , with aschenbach still following at a distance .
in 2004 , during the band 's final tour , many cities around the united states proclaimed a certain day to be `` guided by voices day '' in that city .
according to the fictional universe first established by slayer , the ` buffyverse , ' angel was born in 18th century ireland .
all stairwells and elevators from the 92nd floor up were rendered impassable , trapping 1,344 people .
a country is a geographical region , often meaning a political division or state .
tectonic studies are also important for understanding erosion patterns in geomorphology and as guides for the economic geologist searching for petroleum and metallic ores .
simone wrote four women , a song about four different stereotypes of african-american women . .
from 1957 to 1961 , he was burma 's permanent representative to the united nations and became actively involved in negotiations over algerian independence .
the remnant drifted east and then southeast before dissipating on june 12 .
edward and his family risk their lives to protect her , but james tracks bella to phoenix where she is hiding and lures her into a trap by claiming he is holding her mother hostage .
lake volta , the world 's largest artificial lake , extends through large portions of eastern ghana and is the main source of many tributary rivers such as the oti and afram rivers .
noise pollution concerns mean that increasing speed is becoming more difficult .
the knobbed whelk is the second largest species of busycon whelk , ranging in size up to 12 in .
the title of the psalm claims that it was written by king david after his battle with goliath .
in 1961 , the burmese government awarded him the title maha thray sithu as a commander in the order of pyidaungsu sithu .
amarastii de jos is a commune in dolj county , romania .
previous to this the club had been sponsored by zoom airlines , who were part-owned by club director john boyle , and who retained advertising space on both the davie cooper stand and the south stand until they ceased trading in august 2008 .
a polar low is a small-scale , short-lived atmospheric low pressure system that is found over the ocean areas poleward of the main polar front in both the northern and southern hemispheres .
the first one is spiny and the second is soft .
the -600 , -700 , and -800 series were planned .
crystalline rocks with obsidian 's composition include granite and rhyolite .
their eggs could survive out of the water , allowing amniotes to branch out into drier environments .
she dissolves into a golden shower of light .
final fantasy ix was developed alongside final fantasy viii , but took a different path to return to the series ' roots with a more traditional fantasy setting . consequently , final fantasy ix was influenced heavily by the original final fantasy game , and features allusions to other titles in the series .
he was descended , through his mother , from the powerful and historically influential alcmaeonid family .
hippolyta refuses but hera possesses her .
it is currently not known how long gestation is for gilbert 's potoroo , but it is estimated to be similar to the long-nosed potoroo 's length of 38 days .
the federalists controlled the federal government until 1801 .
the fancy rat is a domesticated brown rat , which is the most common type of pet rat .
smurfette is a female character from the smurfs .
the liquid outer core surrounds the inner core and is believed to be composed of iron mixed with nickel and trace amounts of lighter elements .
in 2008 , as a senior , ringer was a heisman trophy candidate .
the liebestod can be performed either in a purely orchestral version , or with a soprano singing isolde 's vision of tristan resurrected .
the cello is a bowed string instrument .
that exemplar is known as the archetype .
thimister-clermont 73 .
the gorges of the ardeche region are home to numerous caves , many of them having some geological or archaeological importance .
since 1963 , the program has continued at kostroma moose farm , which had a herd of 33 tame moose as of 2003 .
in november 2008 , 13 years after his disappearance , he was officially declared presumed deceased .
monroe was replaced by lee remick , and when dean martin refused to work with any other actress , he was also threatened with a lawsuit .
other times the secret would be about something they were there to do .
following monroe 's success in these roles , hyde negotiated a seven-year contract for her with 20th century fox , shortly before his death in december 1950 .
early on september 1 , it was named tropical storm felix , and it was upgraded to a hurricane later that day .
during medical school jemison traveled to cuba , kenya and thailand , to provide primary medical care to people living there . during her years at cornell medical college , jemison took lessons in modern dance at the alvin ailey school .
the wingspan of an airplane or a bird , is the distance from one wingtip to the other wingtip .
like a virgin is the second studio album by american singer-songwriter madonna , released on november 12 , 1984 by sire records .
opeth released its fifth studio album , blackwater park , on february 21 , 2001 .
his mother was a granddaughter of the fourth head of yonezawa .
leberkase is said to have been invented in 1776 by the cook of bavarian duke karl theodor , although this story has been heavily contested .
jamrud , is a town located in the khyber agency , one of the federally administered tribal areas of pakistan .
it also reload unlimited services , special loads , and value-added-service subscriptions .
as thousands lost electrical power , the city experienced its worst blackout since hurricane betsy 40 years earlier .
several of the names in kalevala are also celebrated as finnish name days , although this has no direct relationship with the kalevala itself .
the doctrine of implied repeal is a concept in english constitutional theory which states that where an act of parliament conflicts with an earlier one , the later act takes precedence and the conflicting parts of the earlier act are repealed .
norway won the most medals , the first time a country other than the ussr had done so since the ussr first entered the winter games in 1956 .
george edward pope is a retired american soccer player who last played for real salt lake of major league soccer and spent 11 years as a defender for the united states national team .
he is also known for his work as a social activist , particularly as an advocate for animal rights .
as well , art rock is `` not so much for dancing as for listening and it often tells a story or there is a philosophical theme to the lyrics . ''
nuclear nebraska : the remarkable story of the little county that could n't be bought is a 2007 book by susan cragin which follows the controversy about a proposed low level nuclear waste dump which was planned for boyd county , nebraska .
wail al-shehri was an al-qaeda associate and hijacker on american airlines flight 11 , which was hijacked and flown into the world trade center as part of the september 11 attacks .
both processes yield approximately 60 % vitamin c from the glucose feed .
between 1975 and 1989 he was music director of the orchestre de paris , where he conducted much contemporary music .
several rebellions against the japanese military administration took place in api .
willi schulz is a former german international football player .
like other tree-kangaroos , goodfellow 's tree-kangaroo is quite different in appearance from terrestrial kangaroos .
this interpretation is supported by additional trace element data , but is also the subject of debate .
the lauraceae or laurel family comprises a group of flowering plants included in the order laurales .
however , as a result of the nazi-soviet pact of 1939 , the soviet union occupied estonia and tartu in 1940 .
according to graham yost , the credited writer of speed , whedon wrote most of its dialogue .
avesse is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in north-western france .
bais is a commune in the mayenne department in north-western france .
mab is heavily perturbed .
mandaeans believe in marriage and procreation , and in the importance of leading an ethical and moral lifestyle in this world , placing a high priority upon family life .
fort mitchell is a city in kenton county , kentucky , united states .
the city 's population shrank dramatically during this period as the prominence of kolkata rose , but substantive development and modernisation eventually followed .
loading a structural element or a specimen will increase the compressive stress until the reach of compressive strength .
it can involve such subjects as magic , alchemy , extra-sensory perception , astrology , spiritualism , lithomancy , and numerology .
the video reached number four on bet 's 106 & park and remained on the countdown for over twenty days .
he did not believe that intelligence was a measurable fixed entity .
although breeders of show hamsters specialise in breeding show hamsters , there are also owners who have bred their pet hamsters .
light orchestrated pop songs , known locally as schlager music , are so prevalent that the festival is sometimes referred to as schlagerfestivalen by the swedish media . however , other styles of music such as rap , reggae , and glam rock have made an appearance since the event 's expansion .
the genus is closely related to marrubium , with some species having been included in that genus in the past .
it also reached number one in the uk singles chart on january 10 , 2010 .
the venerable pope pius xii , born eugenio maria giuseppe giovanni pacelli , reigned as the 260th pope , head of the catholic church and sovereign of vatican city state , from 2 march 1939 until his death in 1958 .
when used in practice , rsa is generally combined with some padding scheme .
iggy says that the two of them once knew max 's father .
antonio bezerra brandao or simply toninho , is a brazilian central defender who plays for parana .
not many people think of hewes as playing a vital role in the creation of the country or credit him with many of his achievements but joseph hewes was undoubtedly one of the most important people of his time and a true revolutionary .
a mutual fund is a professionally managed type of collective investment scheme that pools money from many investors and invests it in stocks , bonds , short-term money market instruments , and/or other securities . the mutual fund will have a fund manager that trades the pooled money on a regular basis .
in addition , many businesses run by the church were cash operations , including several japanese restaurants in new york city .
in japanese mythology , ryugu - jo is the undersea palace of ryujin , the dragon god of the sea .
this leaves game port support up to the manufacturer of the device the game port ships on .
in `` the sound of drums '' and `` the end of time '' , a flashback shows the master at the age of eight , when as part of a time lord initiation ceremony he is taken before a gap in the fabric of space and time known as the untempered schism , from which one can see into the entire vortex .
it proposed the creation of a single federal agency to enforce the federal drug laws as well as consolidate and coordinate the government 's drug control activities .
the british rail class 951 was reserved for former diesel-electric multiple units converted for departmental use .
ervy-le-ch atel is a commune in the aube department in north-central france .
isberg asked former eruption band member mikael akerfeldt to join opeth as a bassist .
woollen fabrics , which must be damp when raising the nap , are then dried and stretched before the nap is trimmed or sheared . cotton cloth goes straight to the shearing process , where the nap gets trimmed to ensure that all the raised fibers are the same length .
during and after the war , he killed priam , eurypylus , polyxena , polites and astyanax , among others , enslaved helenus , and forced andromache to become his concubine . the ghost of achilles appeared to the survivors of the war , demanding polyxena , the trojan princess , be sacrificed before anybody could leave .
he protests that the syllabus of history for the school would start from seventh century a.d. , not from the mahenjodaro and harappa .
he was a sure tackler and it was next to impossible to fool him on trick maneuvers .
treize-vents is a commune in the vendee department in the pays de la loire region in western france .
alemannia aachen is a german football club from the western city of aachen , north rhine-westphalia .
in 1803 , thurgau became an independent canton , through the mediation of napoleon , with frauenfeld as capital .
the great exhibition of the works of industry of all nations in the crystal palace of hyde park , london ran from may 1 until october 18 , 1851 .
the class were affectionately nicknamed `` hoovers '' by rail enthusiasts because of their distinctive sound made by the inertial air filters originally fitted .
he was at the top of the world rankings five out of six times , from april 2007 to july 2008 , holding the number-one ranking for a total of 15 months .
`` lisa 's substitute '' is the nineteenth episode of the simpsons second season .
saint-magne-de-castillon is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in south-western france .
the airport is 2 m from junction 10a of the m1 motorway .
bold denotes the 19 grands prix races active for the 2010 season .
igbo people are among the largest and most influential ethnic groups in nigeria .
polly pocket is a 1990s toy line of miniature dolls and accessories .
kalasha , also spelled as kalash , is a metal pot with a large base and small mouth , large enough to hold a coconut .
for its first two seasons the show was part of a revived tgif comedy block .
he participated in the opening ceremony of the cultural year of armenia in russia hosted at the moscow kremlin music hall and honored by the presence of the presidents of armenia and russia robert kocharyan and vladimir putin respectively and the famous singer charles aznavour .
however , the principle is applied very broadly beyond bottles to paint and automobile parts such as tires .
he conducted regularly at the salzburg festival between 1935 and 1938 .
the episode depicts a dalek invasion of earth led by caan , davros , and a red supreme dalek , who has kept caan and davros imprisoned in a section of the dalek flagship , the crucible , called `` the vault '' .
her first child miscarried , but she successfully gave birth to a girl on january 20 , 2005 .
his sui generis society will furthermore continue its existence after the individual ceases to interact with it .
a fourth and final edition of lyrical ballads was published in 1805 .
enfranchised in , the mariners are a member of the western division of major league baseball 's american league .
`` ca n't stop this thing we started '' is a song by bryan adams .
the electrons in an atom are attracted to the protons in the nucleus by the electromagnetic force .
kay released her seventeenth single `` koi ni ochitara '' on may 18 , 2005 . `` koi ni ochitara '' was used as the theme song for the drama `` koi ni ochitara : boku no seiko no himitsu '' .
he lost to shinjiro otani in the match , but wcw went on to win the series .
benson was born in birmingham , alabama .
later models of the 727 were stretched to accommodate more passengers , and they ended up replacing earlier jet airliners , such as the boeing 707 and douglas dc-8 , on domestic routes .
siegmund `` sigi '' nissel was an german-born british violinist who played second violin in the amadeus quartet and served as its administrator .
thus even though there was always some amount of variety in the early church 's liturgical worship , there was also a great deal of unity .
the definition of `` peace '' can vary with religion , culture , or subject of study .
at least three islands are inhabited , which are fongafale , the main island in the east , funafala in the south , and amatuku in the north .
christians who specialise in evangelism are known as evangelists whether they are in their home communities or acting as missionaries in the field .
studies have shown that hallucinatory experiences take place worldwide .
el caso del centro de estudios sobre america '' , which strongly built upon giuliano 's book to offer further insights on relations between cuba 's political apparatus and the country 's intellectuals .
joncreuil is a village and commune in the aube departement of northern-central france .
over half of the ecoregions in the global 200 are rated endangered .
from 1998 onward , alternative terms for free software came into use . the most common are `` software libre '' , `` free and open source software '' and `` free , libre and open source software '' .
the stern review on the economics of climate change is a 700-page report released on october 30 , 2006 by economist nicholas stern for the british government , which discusses the effect of global warming on the world economy .
the series ' final scene finds her on a ship headed to egypt , where she intends to continue the fight for the greater good , with xena accompanying her in spirit .
he was the founder of the seville school .
she held the rank of commander .
on september 24 , 1991 , blood sugar sex magik was released .
keeping that in mind may help you avoid becoming a `` biter . ''
it borders broomhill to the south , walkley and crookesmoor to the east and open countryside around the river rivelin to the north .
clifton beach or seaview is a beach in karachi , pakistan located on the arabian sea . it is one of the neighborhoods of clifton , saddar town .
on the 25 june 2008 , the bbc announced that they had been developing a new version of the iplayer that is based on user feedback - it was then called `` bbc iplayer 2.0 '' .
instead of using the field in these instances , simply use the appropriate field .
marzahn-hellersdorf is the tenth borough of berlin , formed in 2001 by merging the former boroughs of marzahn and hellersdorf .
dizy-le-gros is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
the series takes place in the year 2517 , on several planets and moons .
basic forms of klondike solitaire and freecell come with every current installation of microsoft windows .
mascaraas - haron is a commune in the pyrenees - atlantiques department in south-western france .
branches from the city loop at southern cross and flagstaff stations .
muller 's 1939 medical dissertation was the world 's first controlled epidemiological study of the relationship between tobacco and lung cancer .
christine anu is an australian pop singer .
first called muckle ridge , the city was renamed after a hero of the american revolution , francis marion .
in 1970 chitral was absorbed into pakistan as the new chitral district , until 2000 within malakand division .
his mother encouraged his enthusiasm for reading and learning , introducing him to robinson crusoe and don quixote .
g minor is a minor scale based on g , consisting of the pitches g , a , b , c , d , e , and f. for the harmonic minor scale , the f is raised to f .
in 1954 , dupre succeeded claude delvincourt as director of the paris conservatoire , where he remained until 1956 .
han '' and the promotional single `` a. mi .
aside from elephants , the word has been used to refer to ivory , elephant tusks , musical horns made of elephant tusks , or a musical instrument resembling such horns .
by the 1960s , more citizens worked in service industries or for the canton-level government than in manufacturing .
the antipatrid dynasty was a macedonian dynasty founded by cassander , the son of antipater , who declared himself king of macedon in 302 bc .
the meltwater from the sulaiman mountains forms zhob rivers and it flows through balochistan and drains into gomal river near khajuri kachadd .
in 2007 , he was also elected a vice-president of the international association of athletics federations .
thomas wentworth `` tom '' wills was an australian all-round sportsman , umpire , coach and administrator who is credited with being a catalyst towards the invention of australian rules football .
chester city football club is an english football club from chester .
colfax county , new mexico , is named after the speaker as well .
the system comprises 14 state-owned schools , all of which are ncaa division ii members .
francesc `` cesc '' fabregas i soler is a professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder .
alleghany county is a member of the regional high country council of governments .
in western usage , the meaning of guru has been extended to cover anyone who acquires followers , though not necessarily in an established school of philosophy or religion .
also in 1999 , he ranked number 44 on the sporting news list of the 100 greatest baseball players , and was elected to the major league baseball all-century team as the top vote-getter among second basemen .
it is landlocked and borders the counties of dorset , somerset , hampshire , gloucestershire , oxfordshire and berkshire .
gentoo linux is a computer operating system built on top of the linux kernel and based on the portage package management system .
b of the bang was a sculpture in manchester , england , located next to the city of manchester stadium at sportcity ; the work was designed by thomas heatherwick .
in late 1999 , comeau and bouvier reacquainted at a sugar ray concert and bouvier left reset soon after to join comeau .
the 2000 census recorded the population as 50,644 , although the 2008 census estimate placed the population at 45,670 .
babbage sought a method by which mathematical tables could be calculated mechanically , removing the high rate of human error .
this policy does not forbid routine calculations , such as adding numbers , converting units , or calculating a person 's age , provided editors agree that the arithmetic and its application correctly reflect the information published by the from which it is derived .
to the east chiapas borders guatemala , and to the south the pacific ocean , chiapas has an area of about 74211 k. the 2005 mexican census population was 4,293,459 people .
during the early hours of the next morning the remaining trams north of the subway were run through to the depots south of the thames .
from the time that the processor 's instruction decoder has figured out that it has encountered a conditional branch instruction to the time that the deciding register value can be read out , the pipeline needs to be stalled for several cycles , or if it 's not and the branch is taken , the pipeline needs to be flushed .
kirkby lonsdale is a small town in cumbria , england , on the river lune .
tiago jorge honorio or simply tiago , is a brazilian football striker , who plays for suwon bluewings in south korean k-league .
kharkiv , or kharkov , is the second largest city in ukraine .
researchers such as ayala have more fundamentally challenged the molecular clock hypothesis .
the most important collection of schiele 's work is housed in the leopold museum , vienna .
the islands ' indigenous inhabitants are the torres strait islanders , melanesian peoples related to the papuans of adjoining new guinea .
vlad the impaler is alleged to have committed even more impalements and other tortures against invading ottoman forces .
his `` new halle '' recorded symphonies by arnold bax and vaughan williams , made in wartime manchester .
in niger , slavery is also a current phenomenon .
that record lasted for about 20 minutes .
ballmer would join fellow microsoft billionaire paul allen as an nba owner .
paving a way for peace does not only mean preventing armed warfare .
in the united states , the office of management and budget has produced a formal definition of metropolitan areas . these are referred to as `` metropolitan statistical areas '' and `` combined statistical areas '' .
by definition , a perfect number is a fixed point of the restricted divisor function s = s n , and the aliquot sequence associated with a perfect number is a constant sequence .
niklas hjalmarsson is a swedish ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the chicago blackhawks of the national hockey league .
dozwil is a municipality in the district of arbon in the canton of thurgau in switzerland .
howard 's coalition government was defeated at the 2007 election by the australian labor party led by kevin rudd .
lincoln is a city in talladega county , alabama , united states .
in early years , however , shogi was written xiang qi  .
kaltag was a koyokon athabascan area used as a cemetery for surrounding villages .
luc-sur-mer is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
together with shahrukh khan , gauri is part-owner and part-producer of the production company , red chillies entertainment .
the district was established by merging the former districts of burgenlandkreis and weissenfels as part of the reform of 2007 .
it is a geographically distinct region , lying between the berkshire downs and the river thames , named after the prehistoric uffington white horse .
early magnetic symbols tended to adhere poorly to the maps , and occasional spelling errors marred some broadcasts , but allowed the presenter to show how weather would change over time .
there were many minor provinces in the region between southern liguria and northern tuscany dominated by the malaspina ; tuscany in this time was a part of feudal europe .
a constructed script is a new writing system specifically created by an individual or group , rather than having evolved as part of a language or culture like a natural script .
in 1970 , virginia commonwealth university , also located in richmond , named its main campus library `` james branch cabell library '' in his honor .
some academic institutions also include tibet in their south asia studies programs . tibet is west of china proper , and within china , tibet is regarded as part of xi bu  , a term usually translated by chinese media as `` the western section '' , meaning `` western china '' .
the interval of numbers between and , including and , is often denoted . the two numbers are called the endpoints of the interval .
mtv unplugged in new york is a live album by the american grunge band nirvana .
alexander graham bell was an eminent scientist , inventor , engineer and innovator who is credited with inventing the first practical telephone .
omit parenthetical dates ; save that information for the main article .
from there , the storm entered the gulf of mexico and took a hard northeast tack , damaging fort brooke in tampa , terrorizing the city , and then ambling northward into georgia and the carolinas , making the trip `` all the way into new england . ''
the urban population was 30.23 % of the total population .
females lay their pale green or cream colored eggs singly on host plant leaves and stems .
in 1975 , she again played the legendary willie mosconi on cbs ' `` challenge of the sexes '' in both eight-ball and nine-ball competition .
philadelphia union is an american professional soccer team based in the philadelphia satellite city of chester , pennsylvania that will participate in major league soccer .
she is the author of several science-fiction and fantasy novels including the critically acclaimed farsala trilogy .
hundreds of thousands of muslims come to medina annually to visit the tomb of prophet and to worship at mosques in a unified celebration .
its county seat is idabel .
located at the top of mumbai 's malabar hill , it is named after kamala nehru , the wife of india 's first prime minister jawaharlal nehru .
hackney downs railway station is in the london borough of hackney in east london .
ostvorpommern is a kreis in the eastern part of mecklenburg-vorpommern , germany .
the local language is hindko while urdu is also understood and spoken by local people .
simon calls into the group and explains that he has planted a bomb in one of new york 's public schools , and that any radio communication may set it off .
as of 2003 , the town has an estimated population of 22,813 and a density of 70.03 persons per km .
engente is a village and commune in the aube departement of northern-central france .
it is n't until one night at a club , at the end of the episode `` tony '' , tony confronts michelle and sid in the bathroom stall during sex .
sant ` antonio is a municipality in the district of bellinzona in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
the city 's name was changed from usumbura to bujumbura when burundi became independent in 1962 .
mezeriat is a commune in the ain department in eastern france .
it is presently part of the municipality of crowsnest pass .
clairmarais is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
the album was billed as a `` punk rock opera '' which follows the journey of the fictitious `` jesus of suburbia '' .
crickets , family gryllidae , are insects somewhat related to grasshoppers and more closely related to katydids or bush crickets .
although there are several different degrees of insomnia , three types of insomnia have been clearly identified : transient , acute , and chronic .
it originally aired on the fox network in the united states on february 21 , 1991 .
since 1977 it 's part of the town of kitzingen .
roquefort-les-pins is a commune in the alpes-maritimes department in the region of provence-alpes-c ote d'azur in south-eastern france .
eugene ney terre ` blanche is a boer-afrikaner who founded the afrikaner weerstandsbeweging during the apartheid era in south africa .
the royal opera house is an opera house and major performing arts venue in the london district of covent garden .
more generally , desalination may also refer to the removal of salts and minerals , as in soil desalination . water is desalinated in order to convert salt water to fresh water so it is suitable for human consumption or irrigation .
lahaye has said , `` i write the best i can .
nfs , like many other protocols , builds on the open network computing remote procedure call system .
it is found in bolivia , brazil , colombia , ecuador , guyana , panama , peru , and venezuela .
the a75 , with the a10 and a71 , provides a continuous high-speed route south from paris through clermont-ferrand to the languedoc region and through to spain , considerably reducing the cost of vehicle traffic traveling along this route .
within three and a half months , the grass-roots effort raised usd 13,500,000 and saved the park .
pictures of pro vercelli .
in the history of muslim theology , there have been theological schools among muslims displaying both similarities and differences with each other in regard to beliefs .
the purpose of this template is to display articles pertaining to universal mass transit modes and concepts , not any specific systems or modes/concepts found in only one location .
se conmueven del inca las tumbas , y en sus huesos revive el ardor , lo que va renovando a sus hijos de la patria el antiguo esplendor .
the second legs were played on 21 february 2008 .
the penal settlement of port arthur is now a tourist attraction .
even if this claim is upheld , then the find would lose none of its significance , for at present precious few chimpanzee or gorilla ancestors have been found anywhere in africa .
in late 1985 it was officially named after pandora from greek mythology .
until recently , the footprints have generally been classified as australopith because that had been the only form of pre-human known to have existed in that region at that time ; however , some scholars have considered reassigning them to a yet unidentified very early species of the genus homo .
tin bronze , which developed later , requires more sophisticated production techniques : tin has to be mined and smelted separately , then added to molten copper to make the bronze alloy . the bronze age was a time of heavy usage of metals and of developing trade networks .
alternatively , if you have no internet access at home , you may using your school-issued email address , telling us your preferred username .
the maemo sdk is based around the debian-oriented scratchbox cross compilation toolkit , which provides a sandbox environment in which development may take place .
following germany 's surrender and the end of the war , the governments of east berlin and west berlin restored it in a joint effort .
the early anti-smoking campaign was considered a failure , and from 1933 to 1937 there was a rapid increase in tobacco consumption in germany .
on gili trawangan , there are no motorized vehicles .
the function of cork cambium is to produce the cork , a tough protective material .
plants are grouped into floras based on region , period , special environment , or climate .
adams was interned in march 1972 , on hms maidstone , but was released in june to take part in secret , but abortive talks in london .
the population of iran , based on a census carried out in 2006 , is 70,472,846 people .
portman road hosted ipswich town 's first appearance in european football competition when they defeated floriana of malta 10 - 0 , still a club record , in the european cup in 1962 .
in 1943 he became professor of harmony at the conservatoire de paris , where he worked until 1970 .
chachapoyas is a province of the amazonas region , peru .
as in the wit of parker 's set , the algonquin round table , witty remarks may be intentionally cruel , and perhaps more ingenious than funny .
all lyrics composed by billie joe armstrong , except where noted ; all music composed by green day .
the new orleans saints are a professional american football team based in new orleans , louisiana .
the school remains the oldest existing school for the deaf in north america .
montmirail - france .
mensa is the largest and oldest high-iq society in the world .
brendan fraser attended the private boys ' boarding school , upper canada college , in toronto .
the show 's cult stature far outstripped the two years it spent on nbc and the four years it ran in syndication .
the vcd format is very popular throughout asia , with 8 million vcd players sold in china in 1997 alone , and more than half of all chinese households owning at least one vcd player by 2005 .
wiener musikverein , commonly just quoted the musikverein , has a twofold meaning : it is the name of its famous vienna concert hall , as well as the short name for the music society , gesellschaft der musikfreunde which owns the building .
the present grand duke of luxembourg is henri .
gosnay is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
beginning on march 2008 , gimnasia made various reforms to its old stadium , seeking to secure the permit for its use at selected games .
if you are autoblocked repeatedly , we encourage you to contact your internet service provider or it department and ask them to contact wikimedia 's about enabling x-forwarded-for http headers on their proxy servers so that our editing blocks will affect only the intended user .
autoconfirmed status is required to move pages , edit semi-protected pages , and upload files or upload a new version of an existing file . autoconfirmed users are no longer required to enter a captcha for most events .
the province of frosinone is a province in the lazio region of italy , with 91 comuni see comuni of the province of frosinone . its capital is the city of frosinone .
he has signed on for the seventh , and eighth films ; harry potter and the deathly hallows part i and ii , expected in 2010 and 2011 .
the joint typhoon warning center is a joint united states navy - united states air force task force located at naval maritime forecast center in pearl harbor , hawaii .
this new constitution undid the reforms made in 1764 under stanislaw ii .
sometimes , these sets used to operate 8-12 car long expresses to nottingham victoria in the final years of the gcml .
in 1851 the great exhibition was held in hyde park , london , for which the so-called crystal palace was built .
bisexual pornography differs from threesome pornography , which typically depicts one man and two women .
one such is the barberini faun of munich , representing a sleeping satyr with relaxed posture and anxious face , perhaps the prey of nightmares .
an instruction set , or instruction set architecture , is the part of the computer architecture related to programming , including the native data types , instructions , registers , addressing modes , memory architecture , interrupt and exception handling , and external i/o .
other animals such as squirrels or jays will either split the shell completely in half or make a jagged hole in it .
throughout his career in the united states he has wrestled under the persona of bret `` hitman '' hart . he is a member of the hart wrestling family .
the mississippi river delta has shifted and changed constantly since the formation of the river , but the construction of dams on the river has greatly reduced the flow of sediment to the delta . in recent years , the mississippi 's mouth has shown a steady shift towards the atchafalaya river channel , but because of floodworks at the river 's mouth , this change of course - which would be catastrophic for seaports at the river mouth - has been held at bay .
the trains were built for the network southeast sector of british rail .
a nest is a place of refuge to hold an animal 's eggs and/or provide a place to live or raise offspring .
wexler was inducted in the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 .
however , mayor lacson did not live to see the realization of his dream as he died of a heart attack .
in 1588 he received his bachelor 's degree from oxford , and shortly thereafter was employed as organist at st. paul 's in london .
these restrictions still left considerable leeway for countries to allow production , internal trade , and use of cannabis for recreational purposes .
sforzando , indicates a strong , sudden accent and is abbreviated as sf , sfz or fz .
the couple lived near gravesend , kent , where she has a workshop .
the literacy rate is over 90 % for men and about 59 % for women .
scottsdale has a main branch and four branches within the scottsdale public library system .
she has written more than 30 books for all ages , and has won many awards , including the children 's book council of australia book of the year award three times , the victorian premier 's literary award , the aurealis award for science fiction , the ibby australia ena noel encouragement award , and the davitt award for crime fiction .
upon registration , the aircraft receives its unique `` registration '' which must be displayed prominently on the aircraft .
in the year 1912 a stationary circus building opened , which was designed by max littmann for sarrasani . the circus often performed abroad and reached world fame .
countries with great majority hispanic population include argentina , bolivia , chile , colombia , costa rica , cuba , dominican republic , ecuador , el salvador , guatemala , honduras , mexico , nicaragua , panama , paraguay , peru , puerto rico and venezuela .
as with bbc radio 5 live nationally , bbc radio scotland carries most , if not all , of the major sporting events linked to its coverage area , holding exclusive rights to the scottish premier league and producing several editions of its sportsound program on a multitude of frequencies on saturdays during the season .
because it was formerly the capital of taiwan , tainan is also called fu-cheng .
this suggests they may be related to mice , jerboas , and perhaps dormice .
this escarpment or scarp feature , sometimes called the cotswold edge , is a result of the uplifting of the limestone layer , exposing its broken edge .
jormungandr 's arch enemy is the god thor .
as an adult , ante pavelic decided to move to zagreb to study law .
sauchy-cauchy is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
others disagree .
maitland is a city in the lower hunter valley of new south wales , australia and the seat of maitland city council , situated on the hunter river approximately by road north of sydney and 35 k north-west of newcastle .
ana ivanovic , is a former world no. 1 serbian tennis player .
suffering in her last years from debilitating encephalomyelitis , she traveled to switzerland to undertake an assisted suicide at the age of 87 in 2009 .
james william `` jim '' ross is a professional wrestling commentator , restaurateur , and former company executive currently signed to world wrestling entertainment working on its smackdown brand as the color commentator , but is currently inactive as he is recovering from his 3rd bell 's palsy attack . to many peers , ross is considered to be one of the best wrestling announcers in history and has been called the voice of wwe .
metre gauge refers to narrow gauge railways and tramways with a track gauge of .
lebanon , palestine , germany , switzerland , austria , france , belgium , croatia , slovenia , bosnia and herzegovina , montenegro , republic of macedonia , serbia , italy , czech republic , albania , romania , bulgaria , hungary , turkey , greece , cyprus , afghanistan , russia , ukraine , armenia , georgia , azerbaijan , kazakhstan , turkmenistan , tajikistan , uzbekistan , kyrgyzstan , iraq , syria , jordan , yemen , egypt , pakistan , china .
eva is intercepted by magdalena , who informs her that beckmesser is coming to serenade her .
volvo cars introduced the volvo v50 at the 2003 bologna motor show as the station wagon version of the volvo s40 small family car - manufacturing both models at their facility in ghent , belgium .
there was a large wen under her chin , and therefore to hide its ugliness she wore a high dress covering her throat ... she was handsome to look at , with a pretty mouth '' .
it is the capital of the district of zofingen .
the word archipelago was originally applied specifically to the aegean sea and its islands .
known as loco fierro , amuchastegui was famous for his exploits , such as hanging a 100-meter gimnasia flag in the bombonera stadium .
as a staff officer for major general george b. mcclellan , custer was promoted to the rank of captain during the army of the potomac 's 1862 peninsula campaign .
these problems include alarms not firing ; all alarms being set to one fixed date and time in the past , preventing them from firing ; alarms from repeat events being fired for all historic occurrences of that repeated event , resulting in dozens of alarms for one event .
the author 's farce and the pleasures of the town is a play by the english playwright henry fielding which was first performed on 30 march 1730 at the little theatre , haymarket .
watterson said `` as far as the strip is concerned , they are important only as calvin 's mom and dad . ''
the township of `` coura rocks '' , named from a local aboriginal term meaning `` eagle on the rocks '' , had its beginnings in 1840 .
hurricane paloma caused heavy damage in both the cayman islands and cuba .
while awaiting results of hospital tests on the ankle he had injured in junior college , robinson boarded an army bus with a fellow officer 's wife ; although the army had commissioned its own unsegregated bus line , the bus driver ordered robinson to move to the back of the bus .
valea stanciului is a commune in dolj county , romania with a population of 6,212 people .
futebol clube do porto , or fc porto , porto , or fcp for short , is one of the top portuguese sports clubs .
her mother , irina , is russian , and her father swedish .
the itza maya , ko ` woj , and yalain groups of central peten survived the `` classic period collapse '' in small numbers and by 1250 reconstituted themselves to form competing city-states .
the `` cat who '' books center around the life of former newspaper reporter , james qwilleran , and his two siamese cats , koko and yum yum , in the fictitious small town of pickax located in moose county `` 400 miles north of everywhere . ''
carl erich correns was a german botanist and geneticist , who is notable primarily for his independent discovery of the principles of heredity , and for his rediscovery of gregor mendel 's earlier paper on that subject , which he achieved simultaneously but independently of the botanists erich tschermak von seysenegg and hugo de vries .
i think the article is biased in favor of the school .
there are two main growth forms , bunch and runner .
the pieridae have the radial vein on the forewing with 3 or 4 branches and rarely with 5 branches .
le puy is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in south-western france .
the sexes usually differ , often in the pattern or number of the black markings .
hsu is featured in enjoi 's skateboarding video , `` bag of suck '' , for which he won an award for best video part by transworld skateboarding magazine , in addition to a readers ' choice award .
as some microorganisms can fix nitrogen , they are a vital part of the nitrogen cycle , and recent studies indicate that airborne microbes may play a role in precipitation and weather .
pure obsidian is usually dark in appearance , though the color varies depending on the presence of impurities .
on the other hand , a significant number participated in anti-nazi movements such as the french resistance .
some carrot cakes are even layered .
the population of hagerstown city proper , according to estimates conducted by the united states census bureau for a 12-month period ending 1 july 2008 , is 39,728 , and the total 2000 urbanized area population is 120,326 .
the entrance was decorated with a monogram with the initials aom .
it was a diesel powered locomotive in the pre-tops period built by hudswell clarke with a gardner engine .
it does have a junior football team , wishaw that play their games at wishaw sports centre .
to the east , queensland is bordered by the coral sea and pacific ocean .
the lakes nussbaumersee , huttwilersee and hasensee are located in the municipality .
the population was 2,560 at the 2000 census .
each pseudostem can produce a bunch of bananas , which turn yellow or sometimes red when they ripen .
it was recorded at park west studios in brooklyn , new york in 2000 .
some of the inflated old measurements may have been taken at ground level .
the year 2005 in science and technology involved some significant events .
so , for example , a web browser program might check its local cache on disk to see if it has a local copy of the contents of a web page at a particular url .
garnerans is a commune in the ain department in eastern france .
barnes & noble college booksellers also operates the self-proclaimed `` world 's largest bookstore , '' located on fifth avenue and 18th street in new york city .
epidemiologists employ a range of study designs from the observational to experimental and generally categorized as descriptive , analytic , and experimental .
dededo is the most populous village of the american island of guam .
diego ribas da cunha commonly known as just diego , is an international brazilian footballer who plays for italian serie a club juventus and is also member of the brazilian national team .
sometimes , the partially decomposed wood washes ashore , where it also shelters birds , plants , and other species .
norman robert foster , baron foster of thames bank , om , friba , fcsd , rdi is a british architect whose company maintains an international design practice .
in the united kingdom , a cover version released by the artist nicki bliss was climbing up the uk itunes chart .
the university of toledo is a public university situated in toledo , ohio .
orgnac-l'aven is a commune in the ardeche department in south-eastern france .
deborah ann `` debbie '' stabenow , nee greer , is a democratic united states senator from michigan .
the order consists of the sovereign and sixteen knights and ladies , as well as certain `` extra '' knights .
the vegetation of curitiba is also characterized by the existence of a large quantity of purple and yellow ipes , making a beautiful sight during the flowering at the end of winter .
wqed also became the first station to telecast classes to elementary classrooms when pittsburgh launched the metropolitan school service in 1955 .
on 11 november 1998 , jack ross had been awarded the 80th anniversary armistice medal to mark the end of world war i. jack also had been awarded the centenary medal for doing his share to the australian society in the 100 years since the federation .
the members of the band played for as long as possible and then were forced to postpone or cancel a few dates .
his mother was jean ferguson paterson .
ulster is one of the four provinces of ireland , located in the north of the island .
the international astronomical union is a collection of professional astronomers , at the ph.d. level and beyond , active in professional research and education in astronomy .
there have also been some objections to license renewals for existing nuclear plants .
many factors are taken into account when assessing the conservation status of a species : not simply the number remaining , but the overall increase or decrease in the population over time , breeding success rates , known threats , and so on .
he was a mentor to the extraordinarily gifted cellist jacqueline du pre .
afterwards , to mcclane 's chagrin , lucy and farrell show interest in each other .
viviers became the capital of the gaulish helvii tribe following the decline of nearby alba-la-romaine .
as her manager , stroud was also in charge of simone 's income .
southam describes her `` reading public between 1821 and 1870 '' as `` minute beside the known audience for dickens and his contemporaries '' .
airon-saint-vaast is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in northern france .
local band and vocal manchester city supporters oasis have played concerts at the stadium , one of which was featured on their dvd lord do n't slow me down .
kevork vartani ajemian was a prominent armenian writer , journalist , novelist , theorist and public activist , one of the founders of armenian secret army for the liberation of armenia military organization .
however , the difference between the kuiper belt and the scattered disc is not clearcut , and many astronomers see the scattered disc not as a separate population but as an outward region of the kuiper belt . another term used is `` scattered kuiper belt object '' for bodies of the scattered disc .
in the now-dissolved soviet union , oblasts were one of the types of administrative divisions of the union republics .
it was named in april 2007 after bebinn , an early irish mythology goddess of birth , who was renowned for her beauty .
it concerns the establishment of the first human colony on avalon , fourth planet of tau ceti .
under european union protected designation of origin guidelines , only the product from portugal may be labeled as port or porto .
perched on the pinnacle of a knight 's stall is his helm , decorated with a mantling and topped by his crest .
the academy awards , popularly known as the oscars , are presented annually by the academy of motion picture arts and sciences to recognize excellence of professionals in the film industry , including directors , actors , and writers .
in 2008 and 2009 , there have been protests about , and criticism of , several new nuclear reactor proposals in the united states .
daft punk is an electronic music duo consisting of french musicians guy-manuel de homem-christo and thomas bangalter .
alboreto competed in formula one from until , racing for a number of teams , most notably the ferrari factory team .
on december 11 , 2005 , paramount announced that it had purchased dreamworks skg in a deal worth $ 1.6 billion .
its county seat is tulsa .
the rise in land prices has led to development of new condominiums .
links text , word by word .
any pre-1954 sacrifice flies by robinson would be reflected in the sacrifice hit category .
emerging evidence suggests that the earth underwent a number of glaciations during the neoproterozoic , which would stand strongly at odds with the snowball hypothesis .
the original school was destroyed by a fire in 1947 , leaving only the chapel intact .
in anatomy , the atlas is the topmost cervical vertebra of the spine .
franco cerri is an italian guitarist , born in milan .
shudra is the lowest varna in the traditional four-section division in the hindu caste system .
the wing primaries and tail are strongly barred with black , sky-blue and white .
the 1934 university of michigan yearbook , the michiganensian , included the following quote from grantland rice : `` wistert was unanimously selected as the best tackle in the middle-west this year .
essises is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
the national anthem is regularly performed or sung in schools and armed forces camps at ceremonies held at the beginning and/or the end of each day , during which the national flag is also raised and lowered and the national pledge is taken .
most runners are used to make peanut butter .
however , fans of the club made it clear they wanted the name to stay .
heston is known for having played heroic roles , such as moses in the ten commandments , colonel george taylor in planet of the apes , rodrigo diaz de vivar in el cid , and judah ben-hur in ben-hur , for which he won the academy award for best actor .
bohas-meyriat-rignat is a commune in the ain department in eastern france .
fresh or dried bay leaves are used in cooking for their distinctive flavor and fragrance .
number 3 is a distillate fuel oil and is rarely used .
francisco correa de araujo was a notable spanish organist , composer , and theorist of the late renaissance .
george john tenet was the director of central intelligence for the united states central intelligence agency and is distinguished professor in the practice of diplomacy at georgetown university .
in computer science , data validation is the process of ensuring that a program operates on clean , correct and useful data .
the couple have two children : a daughter and a son , axel , who also became a professional cyclist .
brett and bonita favre released a book in 2004 titled favre which discusses their personal family and green bay packers family , including the monday night football game that followed the death of brett 's father irvin favre .
bhilomar is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of talagang tehsil and is located at 32 44 ' 0n 72 26 ' 0e .
roquebilliere is a commune in the alpes-maritimes department in south-eastern france .
between august 3 and august 7 , a tropical cyclone passed nearby bermuda , with a bulk of the impact occurring on august 4 and early august 5 .
guns and roses - ik junoon is a pakistani film which was released in 1999 , and it starred shaan , resham , meera and faisal rehman .
it is conceived to shield the building 's superstructure against potentially destructive components of the anticipated earthquakes including both lateral and vertical shaking .
mas-blanc-des-alpilles is a commune in the bouches-du-rh one department in southern france .
dory swims off but encounters nemo ; though temporarily confused due to her memories , she eventually remembers marlin 's goal , and helps nemo back to his father .
he fell in love with a french woman , annette vallon , who in 1792 gave birth to their child , caroline .
as of 2009 , there have been 44 tamagotchi versions released since their creation in 1996 .
fig pudding , a young adult chapter book by fletcher , was recommended as one of the ten best books of 1995 by the american library association .
wagner conducted the premiere at the semper oper in dresden , 1843 .
the hunza valley is a mountainous valley near gilgit in the northern areas of pakistan .
wood tar is still used to seal traditional wooden boats and the roofs of historical shingle-roofed churches , as well as painting exterior walls of log buildings .
in 2006 , benson released her second independent feature film lovers , liars & lunatics through her own production company , benson entertainment .
a time bomb is an improvised explosive device with a timer which may be set to detonate at any given time .
their first championship as a constructor was achieved in ; the same year that they won their first drivers ' championship with former test driver fernando alonso repeating that feat in .
the catholic coptic church does not have coptic only monasteries .
another method of ducking was to use the tumbrel , which consisted of a chair on two wheels with two long shafts fixed to the axles .
in the baroque period , d major was regarded as `` the key of glory '' ; hence many trumpet concertos were in d major , such as those by fasch , gross , molter , leopold mozart , telemann , and giuseppe torelli . many trumpet sonatas were in d major , too , such as those by corelli , franceschini , purcell , torelli , etc. `` the trumpet shall sound '' and the `` hallelujah '' chorus from handel 's messiah are also in d major .
olivier has been charged with one murder and for helping him with a further six .
morris `` mo '' c. lewis is a former american football player who played linebacker for the new york jets from 1991 until 2003 .
beetles ' antennae are primarily organs of smell , but may also be used to feel out a beetle 's environment physically . they may also be used in some families during mating , or among a few beetles for defense .
citizendium original articles are available under the creative commons attribution sharealike 3.0 unported license .
after the war , he was convicted of crimes against humanity and executed .
gallery of trolls as imagined by various nordic artists .
this word has distinct meanings in other fields : see denotation . for the opposite of denotation see connotation .
the brooklyn dodgers , in 1952 , became the first baseball team to add numbers to the fronts of their uniforms .
though having won the flint as well as immunity , koror had a mishap as their outrigger capsized and their newly-acquired crate full of fire-making essentials sank in deep water .
2001 : a space odyssey is a 1968 science fiction film directed by stanley kubrick , written by kubrick and arthur c. clarke and with specialist artwork by roy carnon .
viewers can also send in their question which could be shown to the nation .
zanzibar was once a separate state with a long trading history within the arab world ; it united with tanganyika to form tanzania in 1964 and still enjoys a high degree of autonomy within the union .
it was her second worst ranking single , at # 71 .
annals are a concise form of historical writing which record events chronologically , year by year .
she had been accompanying her husband whilst he was fighting a campaign in the deccan plateau .
as of the united states 2000 census , the township population was 23,868 .
in 2009 , however , moscow moved to third after tokyo and osaka came in first and second , respectively .
instead , west virginia governor ray sullivan is chosen as vinick 's running mate .
the population of sherwan is over 15,000 .
british influence would continue to grow as the country developed , culminating with the appointment of charles belgrave as an advisor ; belgrave established modern education systems in bahrain .
following the signing in 1921 of the anglo-irish treaty , which ended the war of independence , a split occurred within the ira .
the position was originally developed to focus on energy production and regulation .
the obvious drawback is the need for a special device driver to interpret the joystick input , and making its use time consuming and operating system-dependent , while the joystick is usually unusable without a special driver .
twice in the 18th century , frauenfeld was partly destroyed by fire , in 1771 and in 1788 .
other , optional , hcard classes also exist .
a music video for the song premiered on vh1 's vspot top 20 countdown , and consists of live footage of the band playing the song , as well as miscellaneous footage of the band on the road .
sweetwater wind farm is the second largest wind farm in texas .
football league two is the third-highest division of the football league and fourth-highest division overall in the english football league system .
however , not all pidgins become creole languages ; a pidgin may die out before this phase would occur .
units 1616 and 1491 were purchased in 1996 , and unit 1744 was purchased in 1998 .
extracellular fluid usually denotes all body fluid outside of cells .
satyagraha is a philosophy and practice of nonviolent resistance developed by mohandas karamchand gandhi .
use to add category pages to this category .
the title is currently unified with the wwe tag team championship , which is referred to by wwe as the `` unified wwe tag team championship '' .
she was originally intended to operate with star cruises under the name superstar scorpio , but it was decided that she would be delivered to star 's subsidiary , norwegian cruise line as norwegian dawn .
during the two years he studied at yerevan # 8 college of fine arts .
teizo takeuchi was a japanese football player who was part of the japan national team for the 1936 summer olympics football competition in berlin .
luyeres is a commune in the aube department in north-central france .
coleman was born in richfield springs , new york , and later moved to kentucky to become an educator .
it was organized enough to be called a tropical depression on august 20 , and it strengthened to tropical storm force the next day .
many of these thoughts were later absorbed into stoicism .
the azad jammu and kashmir council is a supreme body consisting of 11 members , six from the government of azad jammu and kashmir and five from the government of pakistan .
this phenomenon is sometimes called the circular migration .
the bridge is actually not a single bridge but rather a series of bridges that span parts of the st. lawrence river , ultimately connecting both banks .
of the ranges extending southwestward from the hindu kush , the foladi peak of the baba mountain range reaches the greatest height : 5142 m. the safed koh range , which includes the tora bora area , dominates the border area southeast of kabul .
shaftesbury , as a founder of the whig movement , exerted great influence on locke 's political ideas .
common examples of embedded monolithic kernels are embedded linux and windows ce .
in 1596 philip ii of spain captured porto azzurro and built there two fortresses .
punjabi is spoken as a native language by over 2.85 % of indians . punjabi is the official language of the indian state of punjab and the shared state capital chandigarh .
marc overmars is a dutch unattached football player .
bezalel , along with oholiab , was qualified to do this specialized engraving work as well as to train others .
cameron and his wife , actress chelsea noble , were married on july 21 , 1991 .
during the industrialisation textile industry prospered .
water mills were still in commercial use well into the twentieth century , however .
it was decided soon after to replace all trams in london by `` more modern vehicles . ''
a grandson of frederick was a canadian rancher and succeeded to the title of 10th earl of egmont . john perceval and ernest augustus perceval chose careers as army officers .
in november 1991 , the currency issue law was passed and the litas committee was created .
although usually named together as the three giants of the high renaissance , leonardo , michelangelo and raphael were not of the same generation .
flaying is an ancient practice .
in the battle of the atlantic , the initially successful german u-boat fleet arm was eventually defeated due to allied technological innovations like sonar , radar , and the breaking of the enigma code .
dragos , also dragos voda or dragos of bedeu , was a romanian voivode in maramures who has traditionally been considered as the first ruler or prince of moldavia .
it is perfectly acceptable to substitute dried for whole thyme .
in 1989 , south africa reached a crossroads when botha suffered a stroke and was replaced as president by frederik willem de klerk . de klerk announced mandela 's release in february 1990 .
one hot minute was a commercial disappointment despite producing three hit singles and reaching number four on the billboard 200 chart .
the honourable society of the middle temple , commonly known as middle temple , is one of the four inns of court exclusively entitled to call their members to the english bar as barristers ; the others being the inner temple , gray 's inn and lincoln 's inn .
the qatar national football team is the national team of qatar and is controlled by the qatar football association .
the match was billed on the television schedule as part of a `` challenge of the sexes , '' alongside similar male-female matchups between golfers nancy lopez and andy north and coed participants in a skateboarding challenge match .
as support for him amongst this key group ebbed away , kennedy resigned as leader on 7 january , saying that he would not be standing in the leadership election .
an interesting friendship developed between lord hopetoun and the melbourne anarchist and union pioneer , john ` chummy ' fleming .
visp is the capital of the district of visp in the canton of valais in switzerland .
the smithsonian institution is an educational and research institute and associated museum complex , administered and funded by the government of the united states and by funds from its endowment , contributions , and profits from its shops and its magazines .
there are two main styles of pocket watch , the hunter-case pocket watch , and the open-face pocket watch .
born in edinburgh , scotland , gardiner moved to winnipeg , manitoba with his family at age seven , in 1911 .
courmes is a commune in the alpes-maritimes department in south-eastern france .
after big show dropped to his knees , mayweather attacked him with a combination of punches , which caused big show to bleed from the nose and mouth .
a new sharp curve was built under lancaster place to enable an exit through the western side wall of waterloo bridge and a triangular junction with the through line was constructed .
alpha kappa alpha has 950 chapters , located in the united states , the caribbean , canada , germany , korea and japan .
super mario kart and mario kart : super circuit have two beach courses per game .
schinznach-dorf is a municipality in the district of brugg in canton of aargau in switzerland .
on february 8 , 2008 , van der sloot met with aruban investigators in the netherlands .
norolles is a commune in the departement of calvados in the basse-normandie region of france .
palahniuk began writing fiction in his mid-thirties .
duke nukem 3d is included in several compilations .
vienne-en-bessin is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
anna strasberg then sued the children of four photographers to determine rights of publicity , which permits the licensing of images of deceased personages for commercial purposes .
on december 31 , 2007 , the fbi revived the unclosed case by publishing never-before-seen composite sketches and fact sheets online in an attempt to trigger memories that could possibly identify cooper .
this second group should always end with the independent and default options .
the current definitions of transgender include all transsexual people , although this has been criticized .
on 20 february 2004 , he visited suriname , thereby completing his visit to all sovereign nations of the world .
maaseik is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg .
it was compared to the met enemy from the mega man series , calling them the `` goomba of the mega man series . ''
nathaniel hawthorne was an american novelist and short story writer .
finally , in 1861 parts of burke county , caldwell county , mcdowell county , watauga county , and yancey county were combined to form mitchell county .
an interesting genetic relationship between many species of mustard has been observed , and is described as the triangle of u.
the donbas state technical university founded in 1957 is located in alchevsk .
kryptos is one of the themes in dan brown 's 2009 novel , the lost symbol .
for the first two seasons , riker is portrayed as bold and confident , an ambitious young officer , however over time riker 's character becomes more reserved , as experience teaches him the wisdom of a patient , careful approach . he becomes comfortable on the enterprise , repeatedly turning down offers of his own command , and he learns to cherish the company of his fellow officers .
in the late 1970s , following the discovery of minor planet 2060 chiron in the outer solar system and the recognition of pluto 's very low mass , its status as a major planet began to be questioned .
the holstein-gottorp-romanov were a line of the house of oldenburg with female-line descent from the romanov .
i also changed the font sizes and colors to emphasis the important parts .
broda was born in brandon , manitoba to a family of ukrainian descent and joined the maple leafs in 1936 .
the first europeans to discover the islands were the spanish in 1513 by explorer juan ponce de leon .
thelma catherine ryan was born in the small mining town of ely , nevada , the day before st. patrick 's day .
when the film was released in 2009 , na ' vi had a growing vocabulary of about a thousand words , but understanding of its grammar was limited to the language 's creator .
the opposition is severely hampered by the lack of a free press as a vehicle for their views .
there are diaspora and refugee communities in europe , the former soviet union , north america , australia , new zealand , syria , jordan , and lebanon .
s/2006 s 3 is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits saturn at an average distance of 21,076.3 mm in 1142.366 days , at an inclination of 150.8 to the ecliptic , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.4710 .
it is found in afghanistan , pakistan , kashmir and possibly india .
if a group is inactive , all members should be listed here , and none in the `` current_members '' field .
vigorous debate took place on such points , and the debates were minuted in detail .
colin bond tony roberts holden ht monaro gts350 130 laps 6h 32m 0.0 s
construction of this branch line began in the 1870s and clarksville acted as the junction until 1907 , when an extension of the branch was built alongside the main south line into milton to improve operations .
in 1990 , vengerov and his family emigrated to israel , where his father continued his profession as an orchestral oboist .
while not an official observance , a number of cities and regions in the united states , france , england , africa , italy , china , korea , vietnam , india , and thailand have notable celebrations .
other significant settlements are banbury , bicester , kidlington , and chipping norton to the north of oxford ; witney to the west ; thame and chinnor to the east ; and abingdon , wantage , didcot , wallingford and henley-on-thames to the south .
casablanca is a city in western morocco , located on the atlantic ocean .
in sweet valentine stories , released february 10 , 1999 , the various tracks depicts a single day in the life of the girls in sakura 's class , including sakura herself .
local and national republican leaders encouraged nixon to challenge incumbent pat brown for governor of california in the 1962 election .
hops may be added at more than one point during the boil . the longer the hops are boiled , the more bitterness they contribute , but the less hop flavor and aroma remains in the beer .
poet john greenleaf whittier said that longfellow 's poetry illustrated `` the careful moulding by which art attains the graceful ease and chaste simplicity of nature '' .
the person on the cover has been taken by the band as a mascot , `` boy on fire '' is the name and can also be seen on bad religion accessories , including t-shirts .
he still has his money in his wallet , but his identification cards are missing .
`` the best damn thing '' is the fourth and final single from canadian singer-songwriter avril lavigne 's third studio album the best damn thing .
manchester and north west england are served by manchester airport .
akan is a town in richland county , wisconsin , united states .
social gerontologists may have degrees or training in social work , nursing , psychology , sociology , demography , gerontology , or other social science disciplines .
the largest horse show in norway , the arctic equestrian games , is held at the brunstad conference center .
albert dean rosellini was the 15th governor of the state of washington for two terms from 1957 to 1965 and was the first italian american , roman catholic governor elected west of the mississippi river .
aube is a department in the northeastern part of france named after the aube river .
bleach is the debut album by the american grunge band nirvana .
it usually receives 3 - of rain per year .
the mojave solar park will deliver 553 mw of solar thermal power when fully operational in 2011 .
many other brewers have started adding freshness dates to their products , but there is no standard for what the date means .
he is best known for his work as the drummer for the canadian rock band rush . he also serves as the band 's lyricist .
it was named in august 2003 after one of the charites , daughters of zeus .
she is best known for her tenures in world championship wrestling and world wrestling entertainment , where she worked on both their smackdown and raw brands through out her eight year run .
marchamp is a commune in the ain department in eastern france .
historically , the rivers wye and lugg were navigable but the wide seasonal variations in water levels mean that few craft larger than canoes and coracles are now used .
in addition , a 29 march 2009 referendum on mayotte 's becoming an overseas department of france in 2012 was passed overwhelmingly by the people of mayotte .
he `` does make mistakes '' , she conceded , but in the end , he does what his conscience tells him to do .
it is divided into a number of principal oceanic areas that are delimited by the continents and various oceanographic features : these divisions are the atlantic ocean , arctic ocean , indian ocean , pacific ocean , and southern ocean .
the city hosts such institutions such as nova scotia college of art and design university , and the symphony nova scotia , the only full orchestra performing in atlantic canada .
after hrant dink 's assassination , the editor-in-chief of the weekly became etyen mahcupyan and arat dink continued to serve as the executive editor .
challenges like the 11 m hike through the jungle and `` mayan basketball '' showed how exhausted all the castaways were .
it consists of the red cross of saint george , edged in white , superimposed on the cross of st patrick , which are superimposed on the saltire of saint andrew .
barry dropped moderate to heavy rainfall across florida , peaking at 6.99 inches at palm beach international airport ; several other locations reported over 3 inches .
in the 1979 stanley cup finals michel larocque was scheduled to start game two .
ulyanovsk is served by ulyanovsk vostochny airport and ulyanovsk baratayevka airport .
it is commonly used to represent an object 's speed , when it is traveling at the speed of sound .
in the united states also the term ` bolognese ' is applied to a tomato-and-ground-beef sauce that bears little resemblance to ragu served in bologna .
a big band is a type of musical ensemble associated with playing jazz music and which became popular during the swing era from the early 1930s until the late 1940s .
she was appointed burmese ambassador to india and nepal in 1960 , and aung san suu kyi followed her there , graduating from lady shri ram college with a degree in politics in new delhi in 1964 .
he would also accuse other confucianists in japan , such as hayashi razan , of relying too heavily on song sources such as zhu xi .
renton is a city in king county , washington , united states .
pollieu is a commune in the ain department in eastern france .
not much is known about dante 's education , and it is presumed he studied at home .
the extratropical storm , which maintained winds of near-hurricane strength , passed about 105 mi north of the islands that night .
many of the victims were turkish prisoners of war vlad had previously captured during the turkish invasion .
in that year , israel passed the golan heights law , placing the golan heights under civilian israeli law , administration , and jurisdiction .
the album has a bluegrass or progressive bluegrass core ; bluegrass mandolinist ronnie mccoury became the album 's official `` bluegrass guru '' to ensure that there was `` someone who could make sure we did n't do anything cliched or trite '' .
the high priest and priestess act as administrative chiefs and primary public representatives ; each position is held by a single individual at a time .
hurricane andres was the first named storm and hurricane of the 2009 pacific hurricane season .
this was overcome by using koh rather than naoh .
wind shear affects sailboats in motion by presenting a different wind speed and direction at different heights along the mast .
both were born prior to du pre 's death in 1987 .
for example , 2008 is represented as be' .
sigale is a commune in the alpes-maritimes department in south-eastern france .
a recipe is a set of instructions that describe how to prepare or make something , especially a culinary dish .
maggie would later have brief dialogue in `` treehouse of horror ix '' , voiced by harry shearer , who used his kang voice .
after recognizing the harmful effects of smoking on health , several items of anti-smoking legislation were enacted .
bradley whitford states in an interview on the season 1 dvd that he was originally cast as sam , though the character of josh was the role whitford had wanted and for which he had auditioned .
everything as a service is a concept of being able to call up re-usable , fine-grained software components across a network .
in ancient egyptian mythology , the god khnum was said to have formed the first humans on a potter 's wheel .
nagar is bordered by the gilgit agency to the southwest , china to the north and northeast and afghanistan to the northwest .
their son randall hank williams , who would achieve fame in his own right as hank williams , jr. , was born on may 26 , 1949
irmo is a town in lexington and richland counties in the u.s. state of south carolina and a suburb of columbia . it is 12 miles outside of the city center of columbia and is part of the columbia metropolitan statistical area .
however , these fossils differ from modern cockroaches in having long ovipositors and are the ancestors of mantids as well as modern cockroaches .
athies-sous-laon is a commune in the department of aisne in picardy in northern france .
water clocks are sometimes still used today , and can be examined in places such as ancient castles and museums .
some believe that the male baleen whales try to show off to the females , to increase their mating success .
the key factor to distinguish them is to look at how many instructions the processor can issue in one cycle and how many threads from which the instructions come .
the flag of mexico is a vertical tricolour of green , white , and red with the national coat of arms charged in the center of the white stripe .
the local government act 1985 , which abolished the glc , faced considerable opposition from many quarters but was narrowly passed in parliament , setting the end of the council for 31 march 1986 .
akron is a city in plymouth county , iowa , united states .
the north south line marina south extension is a fully underground southward extension from marina bay station .
they were built in the 1980s and early 1990s by brel , metro cammell and leyland .
the town of gwadar , pakistan , lies on the arabian sea coast about 30 miles to the east of gwadar bay .
anna maria was the child of the artist philip jacob thelott the older , originally from switzerland , and the sibling of the artist philip jacob thelott the younger , and worked as a child with her brothers and her father in her father 's studio in the work in illustrating the works of olof rudbeck the older , `` campus elysii '' and `` atlantica '' ; soon , she started to contribute to the household by taking assignments herself and performing different artistic works for money , thereby becoming an independent artist .
the armistice was agreed at 5 am on 11 november , to come into effect at 11 am paris time , for which reason the occasion is sometimes referred to as `` the eleventh of the eleventh of the eleventh '' .
it was composed in 1908 , more than a half century after her death , by terry sullivan who was inspired by her life story .
they are short-lived evergreen pachycaul shrubs or small trees growing to 5-10 m tall ; many bear edible fruit .
it is known internationally for its long sandy beach , varied accommodation , many restaurants and bars , and many renowned surfers who visit from australia .
on the june 18 edition of raw , foley , orton , booker , and lashley all cut promos on why they deserve to be the number-one contender to the wwe championship .
the 300 series remained in production until 1999 when the last aircraft was delivered to air new zealand on december 17 , 1999 .
wikipedia was formally launched on january 15 , 2001 , as a single english-language edition at www.wikipedia.com , and announced by sanger on the nupedia mailing list .
if the religious affiliation field matches any of the following values it will change the color of the infobox automatically .
each edge of a tesseract is of the same length .
out of the total population , 10.2 % of those under the age of 18 and 4.6 % of those 65 and older are living below the poverty line .
after someone else edits your user talk page , the alert below is automatically displayed on all pages until you view your user talk page .
les magnils-reigniers is a commune in the vendee department in the pays de la loire region in western france .
though not convinced , wozzeck gives her some money and leaves .
ephraim inoni is a cameroonian politician who was prime minister of cameroon from 2004 to 2009 .
wotan , ruler of the gods , is asleep on a mountaintop with fricka , his wife . fricka awakes and sees a magnificent castle behind them .
goat .
plesoi is a commune in dolj county , romania with a population of 3,800 people .
beethoven 's birth place is located at bonngasse .
after the purchase of wcw by the wwe in 2001 , none of their pay-per-view event names were seen again until the great american bash returned under the world wrestling entertainment in 2004 .
it was a work of synthesis , backed by his own personal observations on his travels .
overall bamberga is the tenth brightest main belt asteroid after , in order , vesta , pallas , ceres , iris , hebe , juno , melpomene , eunomia and flora .
schaunard interrupts them by whisking the meal away and declaring that they will all celebrate his good fortune by dining at cafe momus instead .
the first minaret was constructed in 665 in basra during the reign of the umayyad caliph muawiyah i. muawiyah encouraged the construction of minarets , as they were supposed to bring mosques on par with christian churches with their bell towers .
the band was a rock music group active from 1967 to 1976 and again from 1983 to 1999 .
they combined political and cultural satire with witty grand opera parodies .
rachel and emilie decided to create a visual video for hearing children so that asl could be made accessible to all children , and together created two little hands productions , their production company .
the national anthem of the united arab emirates , also popularly known as ishy bilady , was officially accepted as the united arab emirates ' national anthem after the formation of the country in 1971 .
the series is played between the winners of eastern conference finals and western conference finals .
charente-maritime is a department on the west coast of france named after the charente river .
electricity is provided by city of akhiok .
oats are also occasionally used in several different drinks .
in 1710 , anna maria thelott became one of the many victims of the last plague in sweden , and died in stockholm at the age of twenty seven .
the latin vulgate was dominant in christianity through the middle ages .
the norwegian refugee council was established in 1946 under the name aid to europe , to assist refugees in europe after world war ii .
incendiary weapons , incendiary devices or incendiary bombs are bombs designed to start fires or destroy sensitive equipment using materials such as napalm , thermite , chlorine trifluoride , or white phosphorus .
with the exception of the 1878-1879 season , thomas conducted every season until 1891 . he raised the orchestra to a virtuosic level before leaving in 1891 to found the chicago symphony , taking 13 philharmonic musicians with him .
secular rulers wanted to employ the educated and centrally organized clergy in their administrations and often treated their spiritual positions as adjuncts to the secular administrative roles .
several liberal movements within islam generally accept the scientific positions on the age of the earth , the age of the universe and evolution .
on september 21 , 2009 czink reached her career-high singles ranking of world no. 37 .
an oven used for heating or for industrial processes is called a furnace or industrial oven .
the storm developed in the eastern atlantic ocean out of a low-pressure area that gained subtropical characteristics on october 4 .
nathaniel hathorne was born in 1804 , in the city of salem , massachusetts to nathaniel hathorne and elizabeth clarke manning hathorne .
the important trang river flows through the province from its origin in the khao luang mountain range and the palian river from the banthat mountain range .
the city 's flag is sky blue with the arms in the center .
sundays there is a two-hourly service to york and beyond and since december 2009 an all year two-hourly service to hull and sheffield .
francis i had become a close friend .
because many private networks use the same private ip address space , a common problem occurs when merging such networks , the collision of address space , i.e. the duplication of addresses on multiple devices . in this case , networks must be renumbered , often a time-consuming task , or a nat router must be placed between the networks to masquerade the duplicated addresses .
he was also important as a translator ; his translation of dante became a required possession for those who wanted to be a part of high culture .
the class 125 was a design of three car diesel multiple unit built for british rail in 1958 .
sarayu river is mentioned in great details in ramayana .
astronomy is one of the oldest sciences .
possible uses include anonymous surfing , chatting , blogging and file transfers .
stansstad is a village in the canton of nidwalden in switzerland .
the prefecture is besancon .
the first example of such a use comes from the work of the physicist gustav kirchhoff , who published in 1845 his kirchhoff 's circuit laws for calculating the voltage and current in electric circuits .
arogno is a municipality in the district of lugano in the canton of ticino , located south of lake lugano in the southernmost tip of switzerland .
luitgard , a daughter of emperor otto i had married the salian duke conrad the red of lorraine .
bolt was drafted 127th by the mighty ducks of anaheim in the 2005 nhl entry draft from the ontario hockey league 's kingston frontenacs .
they were the first american ice dance team since 1976 , the first year ice dancing was contested at the olympics , to win an olympic medal .
in the series , fey portrays the head writer of a fictional sketch comedy series .
sprains can best be prevented by proper use of safety equipment , warm-ups and cool-downs , being aware of surroundings and maintaining strength and flexibility .
cairns army airfield is located to the south of daleville on the road to nearly clayhatchee .
a likeness of him is added to the statue of jonathan and the people of thorn valley cheer .
rousset is a commune in the department of bouches-du-rh one in the south of france , close to aix-en-provence .
dr. robert j. lang is an american physicist who is also one of the foremost origami artists and theorists in the world .
the terminus of the cranbourne railway line is at cranbourne railway station .
newbridge is a town in county kildare , ireland , near the irish midlands .
in september 1869 , o'reilly escaped and was rescued by an american ship .
their most successful album to date is all killer no filler , which is certified 1x platinum in canada and platinum in the united states . the album was fueled by the single `` fat lip '' , which reached the top position on the billboard modern rock chart , making it the band 's most successful single .
feuermann died in 1942 of an infection resulting from a minor operation for hemorrhoids .
a quiet village on the n59 road approximately halfway between sligo and ballina .
the chevrolet launched in india the chevrolet captiva suv . the latest models launched by chevrolet is the chevrolet beat & the chevrolet cruze .
once gates leaves , `` i 'm not going to need him for anything .
national museum of the american indian 11 .
it also offers study tools and dictionary and thesaurus entries from merriam-webster .
he arrived back in altenberg `` with manuscript and bird intact . ''
morro de arica . catedral de san marcos de arica .
of all the myriad planforms used , they can typically be grouped into those used for low-speed flight , found on general aviation aircraft , and those used for high-speed flight , found on many military aircraft and airliners .
the use of the dupatta has undergone a metamorphosis over time .
shaw was impressed with pascal 's youthful enthusiasm for art and his bravado and invited him to come visit him one day when he was entirely broke .
the battle took place between 17 july 1942 and 2 february 1943 , and is often cited as one of the turning points of the war .
immediately afterward , the wwe undisputed championship returned to being the wwe championship .
moreover , it has something abandoned , singular , and misanthropic about it . '
it is bordered to the north by the north sea , denmark , and the baltic sea ; to the east by poland and the czech republic ; to the south by austria and switzerland ; and to the west by france , luxembourg , belgium , and the netherlands .
the word used in guernsey to refer to squid was to enter the french language as a result of its use in the book .
ray 's first film , pather panchali , won eleven international prizes , including best human document at the cannes film festival .
golden balls is a british daytime game show on the itv network , presented by jasper carrott . it is filmed at the bbc television centre .
one way stowe showed the evil of slavery was how this `` peculiar institution '' forcibly separated families from each other .
it was a long sword with 2 - 4 feet blade and a shaft with 2 - 3 feet length .
the bay of bengal ipa : 'banggoposa:'gor , the largest bay of the world , forms the northeastern part of the indian ocean .
200 greenwich street is the address for a new office building to be erected as part of the world trade center reconstruction in new york city . the building is also known as two world trade center and will be on the east side of greenwich street , across the street from the original location of the twin towers that were destroyed during the september 11 , 2001 attacks .
the third was built by british railways in 1948 and numbered 20003 .
this section lists a few of the jazz fusion artists and albums that are considered to be influential by prominent jazz fusion critics , reviewers , journalists , or music historians . for a longer list , see the list of notable jazz fusion recordings article .
ho ngoc ha is a vietnamese model-turned-to-entertainer .
the song became the group 's first number one in the uk on october 15 , 2006 , staying there for two weeks , and later rose to number one on the modern rock charts on october 26 , 2006 , where it would stay for seven weeks .
to specify a matrix 's size , a matrix with m rows and n columns is called an m-by-n matrix or m n matrix , while m and n are called its dimensions .
the amino acids that an organism can not synthesize on its own are referred to as essential amino acids .
as rajeswari rajan notes in her essay on recent austen scholarship , `` the idea of a political austen is no longer seriously challenged '' .
however , it has come over time to have a much more significant meaning to the player and fans .
this syrupy candied fruit is mixed with hot water as a fragrant tea , where the fruit at the bottom of the cup is eaten as well .
some copies of the single and album credit the new songs to `` the monkees '' , others as `` micky dolenz and peter tork '' .
the city is inland , but is connected to the adriatic sea by a canal .
the regnitz is a river in bavaria , germany .
in the second round , punk defeated morrison and mysterio defeated kingston , resulting in mysterio and punk both qualifying for the finals at armageddon .
his last recording was a series of mozart overtures with the columbia symphony orchestra at the end of march in 1961 .
le nouvion-en-thi erache is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
preservation of lands within the region are managed in part by the santa monica mountains conservancy .
dilsen-stokkem 14 .
it is found in argentina , bolivia , brazil , colombia , ecuador , french guiana , guyana , paraguay , peru , suriname , trinidad and tobago , and venezuela .
dr. steinitz died in april 1988 at home in his beloved 18th century cottage in old oxted village and was a devout quaker who held a passionate belief that music could contribute to peace by bridging political divides .
in air forces the serial number is used to uniquely identify individual aircraft and is usually painted on both sides of the aircraft fuselage , most often in the tail area , although in some cases the serial is painted on the side of the aircraft 's fin/rudder .
she became a nationally recognized model after appearing in several high-profile advertising campaigns and numerous men 's magazines , reaching # 14 in the fhm `` sexiest women 2008 '' poll , and having appeared on the cover of vogue and marie claire .
theories of how the water entered the tank differ .
dmitry anatolyevich medvedev is the third and current president of the russian federation , inaugurated on 7 may 2008 .
when ivan first became a category 3 hurricane on september 3 , it was centered near 10.2 degrees north .
a ninth stripe was once included representing the island of nihoa .
at clinton , dibiase was the football team 's starting quarterback .
the plot centers around a chihuahua who gets dognapped in mexico and has to escape from an evil doberman , el diablo , with help from a lonely german shepherd , delgado , and a hyperactive male chihuahua , papi , who has a desperate crush on her .
caracals are rarely seen in the wild despite their relative abundance , as they hide extremely well .
the founding members of this group include machel , yunus , kofi annan , ela bhatt , gro harlem brundtland , jimmy carter , li zhaoxing , and mary robinson .
sarkissian works in abstract art as a statement of post-soviet freedom of expression .
additionally , dr. yunus has been awarded 26 honorary doctorate degrees , and 15 special awards .
the plans allow for the long-term replacement of the bus network by rail-based transportation as the primary mode of public transportation .
it has also strayed once into the united states in southeastern arizona .
william oughtred and others developed the slide rule in the 1600s based on the emerging work on logarithms by john napier .
rushed to hospital , she was diagnosed with avascular necrosis brought on by chronic hepatitis .
at harvard he studied under j.a. osborn .
dvd commentary suggests that the alliance is composed of two primary `` core '' planets , one predominantly western in culture , the other pan-asian , justifying the series ' mixed linguistic and visual themes .
there are many different types of lc phases , which can be distinguished by their different optical properties .
in point-of-sale management , the use of barcodes can provide very detailed up-to-date information on key aspects of the business , enabling decisions to be made much more quickly and with more confidence .
the american robin is known to be a rejecter of cowbird eggs , so brood parasitism by the brown-headed cowbird is rare .
there are small amounts of rainfall and the summer temperature is very high .
within two months , simpson had won five races and in july 1959 was offered terms by two professional teams ; he decided to join rapha geminiani , which already had a british cyclist , brian robinson .
the population was 27,740 at the 2000 census . .
it has a population of 250 and is the site of the historic cambuskenneth abbey .
linen production and other crafts developed .
it has been influenced by the iranian languages spoken in the area , especially balochi .
the exceptions to this are the four north pacific albatrosses , of which three occur exclusively in the north pacific , from hawaii to japan , california and alaska ; and one , the waved albatross , breeds in the galapagos islands and feeds off the coast of south america .
however , the events of the movie are alluded to , as charlie knew that stanley was the mask , and stanley was still upset over peggy selling him out to the mob .
knowles rose to fame in the late 1990s as the lead singer of the r&b girl group destiny 's child .
souter was born in melrose , massachusetts on september 17 , 1939 , the only child of joseph alexander souter and helen adams hackett souter .
the hindu mahasabha had initially backed gandhi 's campaigns of civil disobedience against the british government .
some animals of alpine tundra environments include the kea parrot , marmot , mountain goats , chinchilla , woodland caribou , and pika .
she was also buried at the speyer cathedral .
the fifteenth locomotive , no. 914 , was named eastbourne after the college .
the district has 4 municipalities , 39 wards , 97 mahallas , 7 upazilas , 98 union parishads , 1052 mouzas and 1329 villages .
a variety of rock types resulted from this collision , including pillow basalt , chert , and marine sandstone .
in may 2000 , he later had surgery to repair a leaking heart valve , and was forced to take a three month break from parliament , with deputy first minister , jim wallace taking over as acting first minister . .
starting with the basics of heat and temperature , thermal physics analyzes the first law of thermodynamics and second law of thermodynamics from the statistical perspective , in terms of the number of microstates corresponding to a given macrostate .
other lines of latitude are not great circles , because they are smaller than the equator ; their centers are not at the center of the earth - they are small circles instead .
some of the names for the various weights of yarn from finest to thickest are called lace , fingering , sock , sport , double-knit , worsted , aran , bulky , and super-bulky .
selby abbey is an anglican parish church in the town of selby , north yorkshire .
vrancea county 's area is of 4,857 km .
the rankings in these charts are based on record sales .
the japanese medical community observed that the bone marrow of victims of the atomic bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki was completely destroyed .
the population of jekabpils town is 29,100 . the two historical parts of jekabpils krustpils and the older part of jekabpils are connected by the bridge across the river daugava .
for men 's cricket , the ball must weigh between 5.5 and 5.75 ounces and measure between 8 13/16 and 9 in in circumference .
vascular plants are those plants that have lignified tissues for conducting water , minerals , and photosynthetic products through the plant .
the `` slide '' analogy is a reference to the slide projector , a device that has become obsolete with the use of powerpoint and other presentation software .
dr. david s. breed , invented and developed a key component for automotive use : the ball-in-tube inertial sensor for crash detection .
middleton is a city in canyon county , idaho , united states .
the river is used for irrigation and the peligre hydroelectric dam situated on it produces the country 's supply of hydroelectricity .
in svealand and gotaland , the land boundaries were of major juridical and administrative importance , but this was not the case with norrland .
she branched out into television in 1994 with a recurring role as the vain jessica in three episodes of the nickelodeon comedy series the secret world of alex mack .
ovidiu burca is a romanian footballer who currently plays for the german team energie cottbus .
`` i do not advocate burning your ship to get rid of the cockroaches '' .
the show takes place on the fictional planet of eternia , a planet of magic , myth and fantasy . the show 's lead character is prince adam , the young son of eternia 's rulers , king randor and queen marlena .
the snow partridge is a gamebird in the pheasant family phasianidae of the order galliformes , gallinaceous birds .
he was a man of short stature , thus his name .
in the 13th century it was acquired again by the aldobrandeschi , but later it passed to pisa and then the appiani of piombino .
`` say it right '' is a single released by canadian singer nelly furtado .
thrissur is known for the thrissur pooram festival , the most colourful and spectacular temple festival in kerala .
at right above is displayed the traditional color lime green . this color is usually called simply lime in order to distinguish it from the web color lime and web color lime green , shown below .
ayr united f.c. are an association football team based in ayr , south ayrshire , who play in the first division of the scottish football league , having been promoted in the 2008-09 season . formed in 1910 after the merger of former clubs ayr parkhouse f.c. and ayr f.c. , their nickname is `` the honest men '' , taken from a line in the poem `` tam o ' shanter '' by scotland 's national poet , robert burns .
according to the general theory of relativity , a black hole is a region of space from which nothing , including light , can escape .
with approximately 26 % of their calories from protein , lentils and generally any pulses or legumes have the third-highest level of protein , by weight , of any plant-based food after soybeans and hemp , and is an important part of the diet in many parts of the world , especially in the indian subcontinent which has large vegetarian populations .
on the islands of the mediterranean sea there are several subspecies of garden dormouse , all of which are very rare .
dr. costanza 's research has focused on the interface between ecological and economic systems , particularly at larger temporal and spatial scales .
this was one important cause for the deep differences between the societies and economies of eastern and western europe .
parr was stripped of his property and title after being involved in the failed attempt to make lady jane grey queen of england .
hydrogen sulfide is considered a broad-spectrum poison , meaning that it can poison several different systems in the body , although the nervous system is most affected .
the tyne and wear metro , also known as the metro , is a metro system in north east england , serving newcastle upon tyne , gateshead , south tyneside , north tyneside and sunderland .
to the garden of my love there came an evil louder the shrubs now lie there , my fair one , shrubs lie while gathering the roses , he broke their stems to moulder they are all dry , my fair one , they are all dry .
many manufacturers distinguish between decorative cosmetics and care cosmetics .
the first and second congresses of western armenians took place in yerevan in 1917 and 1919 .
according to the general theory of relativity , some regions of space may never interact with ours even in the lifetime of the universe , due to the finite speed of light and the ongoing expansion of space .
ohio state 's 1755 a of campus is approximately 2.5 m north of the city 's downtown .
the final part of the cell reproduction process is cell division , when daughter cells physically split apart from a parental cell . during meiosis , there are two cell division steps that together produce the four daughter cells .
the great crested grebe , podiceps cristatus is a member of the grebe family of water birds .
the css working group began tackling issues that had not been addressed with css level 1 , resulting in the creation of css level 2 on november 4 , 1997 .
the franchise , which began 11 november 2007 , was formed through the amalgamation of the former midland mainline , which operated inter-city services from london to yorkshire , and the eastern side of central trains operating companies .
in 911 , french king charles the simple was able to make an agreement with the viking warleader rollo , a chieftain of disputed norwegian or danish origins .
the system soon developed subtropical characteristics and was designated a subtropical depression as it moved off the eastern coast of florida . the cyclone later organized into tropical storm leslie on october 5 while 200 n east of st. augustine , florida .
a close friend , singer miriam makeba , persuaded her to go to liberia .
although a small town , gundagai is a popular topic for writers and has become the representation or an icon of the typical australian country town . .
the following day the women are still with the men .
louisiana is a state in the united states .
it was subsequently acquired by the emperor rudolf ii and taken to prague .
mijoux is a commune and village in the ain department in eastern france .
the magnitude of the gradient will determine how fast the temperature rises in that direction .
the name carol was also later retired after the modern naming system was instituted ; however , it was not because of the 1965 storm but because of hurricane carol in 1954 .
extinct in the wild is a conservation status assigned to species or lower taxa , the only known living members of which are being kept in captivity or as a naturalized population outside its historic range .
the other major attack on h. floresiensis is that it was found with tools only associated with h. sapiens .
in neuroscience , it includes measurements of the electrical activity of neurons , and particularly action potential activity .
several districts form a `` region '' .
the convection diminished as it moved through progressively colder waters , and shortly after 1200 utc on july 21 beryl became an extratropical cyclone a short distance east of cape cod .
please do not add promotional material to wikipedia .
433 eros is the first discovered near-earth asteroid , named after the greek god of love , eros .
the north american free trade agreement has two supplements , the north american agreement on environmental cooperation and the north american agreement on labor cooperation .
gohar shahi was convicted in absentiaas he had previously fled to englandresulting in sentences that totaled approximately 59 years . gohar shahi died abroad , prior to any decision on appeals filed with the high court of sindh .
anonymous editing and account creation is currently blocked for this ip or range due to the activities of a persistently abusive user .
royal is the author unless otherwise noted .
these foods included but were not limited to : lemons , limes , and oranges ; sauerkraut , cabbage , malt , and portable soup .
palau enjoys a tropical climate all year round with an annual mean temperature of 82 f .
regarding robinson 's qualities on the field , leo durocher said , `` ya want a guy that comes to play .
as of the united states 2000 census , the village population was 7,837 .
if the output is not valid as input , the expression is just reproduced , enclosed in parentheses .
grimsby town football club are an english football club playing in league two , the fourth tier of english football .
even if you use said two licenses exclusively , you may wish to communicate your preference on your user page , such as by using .
for buildings of much over seven stories , traction lifts must be employed instead .
the call for primitives was first issued in november 2004 .
in his work with albino children , he recognized that in some families where both parents carry a recessive mutation , no disease occurs by chance .
their divorce was granted in november 1954 .
it is located at in flathead county in the u.s. state of montana .
an identifying relationship is one where the primary key is populated to the child weak entity as a primary key in that entity .
wozzeck enters , and upon seeing margret , dances with her and pulls her onto his lap .
however , in the spring of 1996 , game freak president satoshi tajiri used the japanese manga journal korokoro comic as an experimental exhibition of mew and distributed the first cards of it for the card game as free giveaways , which surprised many at game freak , including morimoto .
in week 16 , leinart went down with a shoulder injury against the 49ers , forcing warner to see his first action since week 4 .
i gt500 130 laps 7h 16m 45.1 s
canadian politician william mcdougall attended as lincoln 's guest .
godel 's incompleteness theorems are two theorems of mathematical logic that state inherent limitations of all but the most trivial axiomatic systems for mathematics .
pai is the northeasternmost district of mae hong son province , northern thailand .
rijmen and preneel tried attacking macguffin with different s-boxes , taken directly from des . this version proved to be slightly stronger , but they warn that designing an algorithm to resist only known attacks is generally not a good design principle .
timbuktu is assumed to have had one of the first universities in the world .
acute bronchitis often occurs during the course of an acute viral illness such as the common cold or influenza . viruses cause about 90 % of cases of acute bronchitis while bacteria account for less than 10 % .
including these , we have $ 1 pages .
evidence of this exists in the form of its physiology which was specifically tailored to a diet of grubs and plants .
it gradually came into contact with the devotion begun at paray , and resulting in a fusion of the two .
cupid is an inner satellite of uranus .
elizabeth hay , countess of erroll was the illegitimate daughter of william iv and dorothea jordan and married to william hay on december 4 , 1820 at age 19 .
piano blues refers to a variety of blues styles , sharing only the characteristic that they use the piano as the primary musical instrument .
they are the first london underground stock to be designed since the rail vehicle accessibility regulations came into force , so they will have more facilities for people with impaired mobility , including multi-purpose areas with tip-up seats and space for wheelchairs and pushchairs and offset center door poles for wheelchair access .
the lyrics come from `` defense of fort mchenry '' , a poem written in 1814 by the 35-year-old amateur poet francis scott key after witnessing the bombardment of fort mchenry by royal navy ships in chesapeake bay during the battle of baltimore in the war of 1812 .
a lever on the side of the toaster is depressed , activating the toaster .
since the 1970s , brazil has had an ethanol fuel program which has allowed the country to become the world 's second largest producer of ethanol and the world 's largest exporter . brazil 's ethanol fuel program uses modern equipment and cheap sugar cane as feedstock , and the residual cane-waste is used to process heat and power .
by the eve of the first world war , the ottoman state , despite its weakness relative to europe , represented the largest and most powerful independent islamic political entity .
alexander tamanian was an armenian neoclassical architect , who is remembered today for his work in the city of yerevan .
the argentina national football team is the national football team of argentina and is controlled by the argentine football association .
only 100 to 200 mm of rain falls on the delta area during an average year , and most of this falls in the winter months .
the prospects of chess becoming an olympic sporting event at some future date remain unclear .
saint-floris is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
rpi was founded in 1824 by stephen van rensselaer for the `` application of science to the common purposes of life '' , and is the oldest technological university in the english-speaking world .
native speakers of meankieli are very well aware of the fact that they speak what is technically a finnish dialect , but given that meankieli is now taught as a standardized language , it could also be regarded a language in its own right rather than a mere dialect . native meankieli speakers were prevented by the authorities from learning standard finnish as a school subject for decades , which resulted in the survival of the language only in oral form .
for epidemiologists , the key is in the term inference . epidemiologists use gathered data and a broad range of biomedical and psychosocial theories in an iterative way to generate or expand theory , to test hypotheses , and to make educated , informed assertions about which relationships are causal , and about exactly how they are causal .
originally known simply as `` music hall '' , the hall was renamed carnegie hall in 1893 after board members of the music hall company of new york persuaded carnegie to allow the use of his name .
they research the statue , and discover that it was sold to the museum by a mrs. basil e. frankweiler , who lives in farmington , connecticut .
a violent crime or crime of violence is a crime in which the offender uses or threatens to use violent force upon the victim .
these counties are typically named after their county town .
the name of irmo was the result of combining the names of captain c.j. iredell and henry moseley , two important figures in the founding of the town .
in 1813 , he was named to the academie des beaux-arts , replacing andre gretry .
ancient romans such as pliny thought that the river near timbuktu was part of the nile river , a belief also held by ibn battuta , while early european explorers thought that it flowed west and joined the senegal river .
powerwolf is a german/romanian power metal band created in 2003 by charles and matthew greywolf .
after failing to win the royal rumble match , triple h participated in the 2006 road to wrestlemania tournament , where the winner would become the number-one contender to the wwe championship at wrestlemania .
risso 's dolphin is the only species of dolphin in the genus grampus .
his nephew , roberto abbado , is also a conductor .
archaeologists working in tikal during the 20th century refurbished one of these ancient reservoirs to store water for their own use .
jenna morasca and rob cesternino later competed in , where they placed 16th and 15th respectively .
the apiaceae or umbelliferae is a family of usually aromatic plants with hollow stems , commonly known as umbellifers .
it has never been included within the tanakh as canonical by ancient judaism .
in ireland , 1.18 i of precipitation fell in the city of cork .
at this point , nha president robertson and secretary calder denied that the nha would change , dissolve or adopt other subterfuge .
when the term education is combined with entertainment , the term edutainment is coined .
its headquarters are in berlin , germany .
the tequila regulatory council of mexico originally did not permit flavored tequila to carry the tequila name .
in most of east asia today , the gregorian calendar is used for day to day activities , but the chinese calendar is still used for marking traditional east asian holidays such as the chinese new year , the duan wu festival , and the mid-autumn festival , and in astrology , such as choosing the most auspicious date for a wedding or the opening of a building .
it is part of the ` gadsden , alabama metropolitan statistical area ' .
michelle takes tony into a private area where she confronts tony as to why he took abigail to the party .
it is mainly spoken in the indian state of orissa .
jebel barkal or gebel barkal is a very small mountain located some 400 km north of khartoum , in karima town in northern state in sudan , on a large bend of the nile river , in the region called nubia .
harrow has educated boys since 1243 but was officially founded by john lyon under a royal charter of elizabeth i in 1572 .
the tehsil is administratively subdivided into 37 union councils .
thereafter , the church has continued to operate as an `` unincorporated religious association '' under what remains its formal name , the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints . accepted informal names include the lds church , the latter-day saints , and the mormons .
depending upon the source , it is estimated that 50,000-70 ,000 romans were killed or captured at cannae .
he often recuperated at menton , near nice , france , where he eventually died on 1892 january 31 .
black tea is a variety of tea that is more oxidized than the oolong , green , and white varieties .
jormungandr , mostly known as jormungand or jormungand , the midgard serpent , midgardsormen , or world serpent , is , in norse mythology , a sea serpent , and the middle child of the giantess angrboda and the god loki .
troops were contributed by 17 nations , about 9,900 in total .
by the early 1890s , steinitz ' approach was widely accepted and the next generation of top players acknowledged their debt to him , most notably his successor as world champion , emanuel lasker .
